Creep on in, on in, on in 
See I'm ridin' high 
Kinda broke this evening, y'all, so all I got's five, I got five
Player, give me some brew and I might just chill
But I'm the type that like to light another joint, like Cypress Hill
I steal doobies, spit loogies when I puff on it
I got some bucks on it, but it ain't enough on it
Go get the S, the T, I D-E-S
Nevertheless, I'm hella fresh, rollin' joints like a cigarette
So pass it 'cross the table like ping pong
I'm gone, beatin' my chest like King Kong
It's on, wrap my lips around the forty
and when it comes to
Getting another stogie,
fools all kick in like
Shinobi
. No, he ain't my homie to begin with
It's too many heads to be poppin' to let my friend hit it
Bit
unless you pull out the fat, crispy
Five-dollar bill, on the real, before it's history
‘Cause fools be havin' them vacuum lungs
And if you let 'em hit it for free, you hella dumb-da-dumb-dumb
I come to school with the Taylor on my earlobe
Avoiding all the
thick
teasers, skeezers, and weirdos
That be blowing off the land, like, "Where the bomb at?"
Give me two bucks, you take a puff, and pass my bomb back
Suck up that dank like a Slurpee, the serious
Bomb will make a niggy go
delirious, like Eddie Murphy
I got more growing pains than Maggie
‘Cause homies nag me to take the dank out of the baggie
I got five on it ,
grab your four, let's get keyed
I got five on it,
messin' with that Indo weed
I got five on it ,
it's got me stuck, and I'm tore back
I got five on it, partner, let's go half on a sack
I take sacks to the
Face whenever I can, don't need no crutch
I'm so keyed up till the joint be burning my hand
Next time I roll it in a hampa to burn
Slow, so the ashes won't be burning up my hand, bruh
Hoochies can hit, but they know they got to pitch in
Then I roll a joint that's longer than your extension 
‘Cause I'll be damned if you get high off me for free
Hell no! You better bring your own spliff, chief
What's up? Don't babysit that, better pass the
Joint
, stop hitting, ‘cause you know you got asthma
Crack a 40 open, homie, and guzzle it
‘Cause I know the weed in my system is gettin' lonely
I gotta take a whiz test to my P. O
I know I failed, ‘cause I done smoked major weed, bro
And every time we with Chris, that fool rollin' up a
Fatty, but the Tanqueray straight had me
I got five on it;
grab your four, let's get keyed
I got five on it;
messin' with that Indo weed
I got five on it;
it's got me stuck, and I'm tore back
I got five on it; partner, let's go half on a sack
Ayy, make this right, mane, stop at the light, mane
My yester-night thing got me hung off the night train
You fade, I fade, so let's head to the East
Hit the stroll to 9-0, so we can roll big hashish
I wish I could fade the eighth, but I'm low budget
Still rollin' a two-door Cutlass, same old bucket
Foggy windows, soggy Indo
I'm in the 'land getting smoked with my kinfolk
I been smoked
Yuk'll spray ya, lay you down up in the O-A-K
The Town, homies don't play around, we down to blaze a pound
Then ease up, speed up through the
E-S-O
Drink the V-S-O-P up, with a lemon squeeze up
And everybody's rolled up, I'm the roller
That's quick to fold a blunt out of a bunch of sticky doja
Hold up, suck up my weed is all you do
Kick in feed, ‘cause where I be we needs half, like Umfufu
I got five on it;
grab your four, let's get keyed
I got five on it;
messin' with that Indo weed
I got five on it;
it's got me stuck, and I'm tore back
I got five on it; partner, let's go half on a sackHaha, the remix - 5 on it!
We creepin' in too, baby
We got 5 on ery'thang mane!
We got Dru Down; we got the Luniz! Shock G, wassup?
Numskull and Yukmouth! Richie Rich, E-40, Spice 1
You say you got 5 on my tender, you can bend her over the table
But be sure that you bring my stallion back to my stable
Say, brah? No elementary school-ground playing
Not a 5-dollar bill, but 5-double-zero on the real, feel?
I'm on the level, staying mellow
No criticism from the fellows, hello
Being keyed during a high-speed but still don't tap the B.B.'s
I'm D.D., Dru Down, baby
Like Nyquil, I drop fevers
So either put your 5 up
, or you gots to
"Leave It" like "Beaver"
'Cause see, a nigga perpin' broke'll smoke your spliff all day
Go home and buy big drinky with his briddy then parlay
I got 5 on the Hennessy, Seagram's, or 40's
'Cause "This is How We Do It" like Montell Jordan
I'm from the Oakland City,
Frank Nitti is a goner
Num' blowing it up like Oklahoma
Put your feev' with my fin
,
best believe we'll bend
More corners than you thought 'til something right is bought
More
z-zags
?
Believe that: tokin!
Where you from? Oakland! Smokin'
In attempts to crack the chestplate
The zips be so fluffy the whole town loves me
At every event I'm sacked up
So if you need me, scream "Double R!" when you see me
I got five on it 
Grab your 4, let's get keyed
I got 5 on it
Messing with that indo weed!
I got 5 on it;
it's got me stuck, and I’m tore back
I got 5 on it: partna let's go half on a sack!
"
E-40, why you treat me so bad?
" 40 makes it happen
Fosgate slappin'
and revenue grows
From just a little bit of lightweight flamboastin'
Potent fumes, lingering mighty clouds and Northern Lights
You disrespect Vic da Baron
And you'll be violating my civil rights
I'm starting to feel my scrilla
But perhaps today my scrilla ain't feeling me
For the simple fact that I'm off to the track with hella fools, B
Pockets empty, pitching 5, man I'm dusted
Took off my hat, passed it around, man sprinkle me
Me and E-40 to the head, comin' fed plus, you let the lead bust
Ready to do a murda, mayn; perved off the Hurricane
Slurred again,
witness what bein' off two-fifths equal
Me killin' people like Jason, facin' death every sequel
"Bring the Pain" like Method
Neglected, smokin' kryptonite to the brain for breakfast
Guzzle the Hen-do, finsta do the evil that men do
Give me feev'
, I shall proceed to continue
I got five on it 
Grab your 4, let's get keyed
I got 5 on it
Messing with that indo weed!
I got 5 on it; it's got me stuck, and I’m tore back
I got 5 on it: partna let's go half on a sack!
Yeah, it's been a while since I've hollered from the town
Mess around and heard Yuk' and Num', said I gotta be down
'Cause new styles is going down—look around you
Tunes from the Lunz spreading round and round you
Verse 6: 
Back to get my O on, they let me flow on
The thirty-five on it, yeah, I'm on it
Still bringing satin for them drawers
Velvet for the mic and got a pound for the cause
Rolling up cannabis sativa, hitting the Mary Jane
Smoking the 5 before it's 12 o'clock, sipping on Hurricane
Ready to smoke on the indo
Rolling up my window, finna to go to the land
With a handful of broccoli
When it comes to the sticky I'm the man
Crush nasty,
I be hitting the J so hard I hurl
Fall on the floor fittin' to have a stroke
T-H-C ain't no joke
I got 5 on ery'thing, let's get loaded and smoke
S-P-I-C-E about to hit it and croak
I got five on it 
Grab your 4, let's get keyed
I got 5 on it
Messing with that indo weed!
I got 5 on it; it's got me stuck, and I’m tore back
I got 5 on it: partna let's go half on a sack!
Yeah, wassup baby?
It's me, your boy with the cape that's always tight
You a little short on some ends?
Don't worry, I'll take care of that, I got 5 on that
I got youChorus: 1x
Would ya quit, fucking me high off
Cause it's cost to be the muthafuckin boss loss
Petal to the metal, drinking X.O., nothing but X.O
Verse 1:
I'm broke, you broke, we all broke
So let's take our broke asses to the sto'
And steal another bottle of X.O
I'm feelin so faded, broke wit a album
But bitches on my dick like I ate it
I'm use to smellin fish, but not that kind
Look you's a hoochie, wanna do me
At least try to act fine
Cause I'm the nigga wit the best hand
You poochie, you look like my pitbull
Stretched the fuck out your stretch pants
You fuckin up my drunk a lot high
You get the drunk talk, dick feelin right, right, right
All I need is X.O. to set me in
Bitch I don't need yo pussy fought by
Most men and lesbian's
Soon as I get home, I'mma take a hopelift to the dome
Shiit, under civilation
I'm just another drunk hoodlum under one nation
Chorus: 2x
Bitch, you wanna suck on my dang, dang
Drink all my drank, drank
Who's in the jacuzzi, all hoochie's
Suckin all on my doobie, be poppin coochie
But only if ya lonely baby bubba
Then she said do you got the rubber
Got the cover's out the closet
Another flawless victory, a bitch ain't shit to me
She was history, soon as my nigga Nut come threw
Wit Num, Dru, Chris, and Richie Rich we on some new shit
I know this, bitch was a groupie from the giddy-go
Really though, wanna be all in a nigga video
But silly ho, you know you got to fuck all us
Pimps, playa's, hustla's, balla's
Shot caller's call the shots, top knotch blazin
Got a cock caved in like saquash stopim raisin's
Stay in the ho, so fa sho runned a train
All them nut slangs on her neck look like a gold chain on her
Chorus: 2x
Verse 3:
Back in '88 a nigga was staright all in the car case
Face a OE, fourty oz, vsop, whateva it be pass that shit to me
Gin&Juice get loose off duece duece, of s.p
Kick it wit the fourtyless, sick wit it posse
Got me fillin my body up wit color's icy
Hurricane, sluricane, some smoke cane
May not take the chronic to the brain and won't change
It can't change, even if you smoke cane
You won't get high as me
Drink more jugs of the St.I-D-E
See I can't even spell it
Even though I didn't drink that day
You'll damn sure smell it
I dare you to come threw wit no drink bitch
I'll hoo-ride you, cause my shirt drink more then I do
I'm lit, still lit, that's how we do this real shit
Bits of remy and shit, so I ain't fuckin wit you bitch
Chorus: 4xCreep on in
See I'm riding high
Kinda broke you see so all I got is 5
I got 5 on it
Verse 1 - Knumskull & Yukmouth)
K: I got 5 on it
I got 5, what you got nigga?
Y: Damn, I think I got 2 bucks in my sock, nigga
K: Well that's that; fuck it!
I think I got 3 bucks in my backpack
Enough to get a phat sack
Y: Hell yeah!
K: You got some zags?
Y: Not at all man
K: Let's get some from the store
Y: Fa sho, because a nigga need a tall can
K: Damn, open the door, Blood
Y: Nigga, where my keys at?
K: I don't know
Y: Remember I gave em to you to get that weed sack
K: Oh, here they are in my sock
Y: Put your seatbelt on
Cause there's hella cops parked up the block
K:
Well nigga bust a U-ie then
Y: Nigga, fire up that doobie then
K: Hell nah!
Y: You major scand'lous, partna
K: Well sue me then
Y: Oh, be like that on a roach?
K: Nope, look at them hoes!
Y: Man fuck them tricks, nigga let's get smoked!
K: Pass the doobie to the left biddy-bum-bum-boo!
Y: Whoa! What the fuck wrong with you?!
K: Damn I had a flash back
This nigga fronting me some yay
But you know that he ain't gonna get his cash back
Y: Nigga what if the cash jack?
K: Oh it's cool
Fuck this, I'm putting it in the cuts
Y: It's bad enough he got no tags on the Cutlass
K: Eh you know what? 84th is the closest
Y: Yup. Oooh! A fat ass Tamp, nigga let's smoke this
K: Let's roll a blunt wit the skunk
Y: Why you bring that scand'lous-ass sack?
K: Man this shit ain't no punk
Here smell this
Y: Roll it up then nigga!
K: Haha, yeah!
Y: Let's go half on some liquor
Yeah go get some
Tanquo
or something
K: Aww man, shit I ain't got nothing!
K: Man I spend with you all the time
(Sorry no I.D., no
Cahhlo's Rossi Rine
)
K: Aw fuck that!
Y: They didn't let you get the drank?
K: Man, I ain't trippin
I got 5 on it
Grab your 40, let's get keyed
I got 5 on it
Fuckin with that
Indo weed
I got 5 on it
It's got me stuck and I'm tore back
I got 5 on it
Nigga lets go half on a
sack!
I take a sack to the face whenever I can
Fuck a crutch
; I be smoking that shit
Til the joint be burning my hand
Next time I roll it in a Tampa
To burn slow so the ashes won't be burning up my hand, brah
Hoes want to hit but they know they got to pitch in
Then, I roll a joint that's longer than your
extension
Cause I'll be damned if you get high off me for free
Fuck that, you better bring your own shit chief
Wassup, don't babysit that
You better pass the joint
Nigga stop hitting cause you know you got asthma
Crack a 40 open homie and guzzle it
Cause I know the weed in my system is getting lonely
I gotta take a piss test for my P.O
I know I failed cause I done smoked hella weed, bro
An every time we with Chris
That nigga rollin' up a fatty
But the Tanqueray straight had me
Lit to the fullest extreme
There was getting no higher
That shit had my chest on fire
Dru Down was swigging to the face straight
But I ain't fuckin with that
I think I'll stick to the crazy 8's
Bring me a bottle and I'm cool with that
I'mma a lounge with that
Nigga bring me a phat sack
I don't know how to roll
But I know how to smoke!
I think I'm gonna hit it til my ass choke
Woo-wee! Baby-boy!
I'm hella high, damn that's that indo
Only Oakland got that Doja like that
Only the town, nigga
Eh man quit hogging up the joint, man you babysitting it
What you talking about?
Pass that shit over here
Player, give me some brew and I might just chill
But I'm the type that likes to light another joint like Cypress Hill
I steal doobies, spit loogies when I puff on it
I got some bucks on it
But it ain't enough on it
Fuck with the S the T, I-D-E-S
Nevertheless I'm hella fresh
Rolling joints like a cigarette
So pass it cross the table like ping-pong
I'm gone, beating my chest like King Kong
It's on, wrap my lips around a 40
And when it comes to get another stogie
Niggas all kick in like Shinobi
Nummy ain't my homie to begin with
It's too many heads to be popping to let my friend hit shit
Unless you pull out the phat crispy
5 dollar bill on the real before its history
Cause niggas be having them vacuum lungs
An if you let em hit it for free
You hella dum-da-dum-dum!
I come to school with the Taylor on my earlobe
Avoiding all the dick-teasers
Skeezers and weirdos
That be fuckin' off the land like "Where tha bomb at?"
Give me 2 bucks, you take a puff and pass my bomb back
Suck up the dank like a Slurpee
The serious bomb will make a nigga go delirious like Eddie Murphy
I got more Growing Pains than Maggie
Cause niggas nag me
To take the dank out of the baggie