Mmm! Mmm, mmm, mmm
Oooh-OOOH!
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
I came here with my dick in my hand
Don't make me leave here with my foot in yo' ass; be cool
And don't worry bout how I'm ripping this shit
When I'm flipping what I'm kicking nigga, that's just what I do
I'm effervescent and I'm off that crescent
Nastier than a full grown German Shepherd;
motherfucker keep stepping
They don't fuck with me and they don't
Y'all bitches can't catch me and you won't
Pay ya fare, fix your hair, throw that pussy
Got a Prada for bonapalies, and Donna for my babooski
You think I'm tricking? Bitch, I ain't trippin
I'm buyin if you got nice curves for your iceberg
Drinkin Henn and acting like it do something to me
Hope this indecent proposal make you do somethin with me
Fuck a dollar girl, pick up fifty
And fuck that coward, girl, you need a real nigga
Off top knick-a-boxers hurting shit
Bend over ho; show me what you workin with!
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams &
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (
shake ya ass
)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (
watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (
show me whatcha workin with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
I like my women fire like CAY-ENNE!!
Chocolate and bowlegged - when I'm runnin up behind her!!
Go head do your job, pop the lock, let the cock out
For girl don't lie you know you wanna go back to my house
"The Man Right Chea"
wanna get under that dress right there
You spicy cajun we gon' a good time over there
You better suck the head on them there crawfish
And you gotta bend all the way over to dance off this
Handle yo' business but I know you do it way better, you
dead wrong
So if you talking bout how niggas make noise when you pass by
Get yo' fine ass on the floor girl this yo' fuckin song!
Do yo' thang dont be scared, cause you gon' get served
You get mine then you gon' get yours
Bout to make yo' ass love it
Raise it up, show the G-string hustling hustling
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams &
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (
shake ya ass
)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (
watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (
show me whatcha workin with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Stop yo' cryin heffer, I don't need all that
I got a job for you - the braided up pimp is back
Break them handcuffs, fuck you nigga move something
And if they ask you what you doin say, "Ooohh nuttin!"
And we been doin for the past 2 somethin
And I've been beatin that pussy up not smooth fucking
You can betcha bottom dollar; if that pussy fire
You gon' holla Michael Tyler!
So don't act like you don't be backin that stuff up
Girl in the club, cause that's what you got ass for
Wobble wobble
I'm infatuated
Bitch ride a dick like she making a baby
And I see that we gon' have to go to a quiet corner for just us two an'
Don't worry about who looking, just keep on doing what you doing
Cause a nigga like me gon' get to work before I know the girl
Bitch what's happening, let 'em see, show the world!
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams &
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (
shake ya ass
)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (
watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (
show me whatcha workin with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Uhh.. OOOH-WEE! Good lawd!
Damn!I'm a political refugee
That's how the fuck I felt
Birds for the summer
Hummers for the runners
Candy on the paint
Nine for the thunder
Throw a couple of hundreds
Fishing on the fishtail
With big money, cash money everywhere
High roller, shot caller, big boss
Original, real nigga from the start
Head hunting, price on a nigga tab
Hit ‘em up for playing with a nigga mail
Say I’m better than Beethoven
To the beat that I rap over
Stay outta that medicine cabinet
Yeah, that what they told me
Giving us piss tests, cause we stay rolling
And know a nigga act better than a .45 caliber pistol when they loaded
They penalize us, tryna slow us down
They constantly fucking us up
That's why we’re buck wild
Call me porch monkey, call me jigaboo
When you know you wanna fuck my woman and eat my barbecue
How the fuck you wanna watch my house
But don’t wanna live on my street
The ape man taught Tarzan -- how the fuck you better than me?
Rap, I run that rock, and got a jump shot
Who we got that black wife up in that White House
I took my lick and didn’t sell out
I was in the bing, I didn’t bail out
Hoping motherfucker run and fail out
Back to the top from the jail house
Lace ‘em up, tie ya shoe
Catch a cut, you know what pressure do
Who out chea fucking with me, huh? Tell me that
I’m bout to drop that shit, where my Pamper at?
Try to answer that, or give me my mantle back
I bury you cockroaches, shoulda left me where I was at
You done made that fucking bed
You done built this fucking castle
Buckwheat and his friend Alfalfa
Couldn't do nothing with this little rascal
I wonder licking retarded
Yeah nigga what the hell
Talking baby business, yeah
Yeah bitch, dumb shit
Don’t be fucking with me
Cause you won't get off easy
I feel just like Drew Brees
When they kick off football season
How I cut the ref, you can’t stop from bleeding
Rappers betta leave me alone
If they gon’ keep on breathing
Now keep on starving and I’mma gonna keep on eating
And you keep on sucking, and I’mma keep on skeeting
Nigga, you gon be the one bussing or be the one fleeing
Nigga better keep on trucking
You don't want no fucking trouble this evening
Uh, ain't it crazy how shit be
Thats why I flush it
I got the Tommy gun with the drum
Thats percussion
I just popped a couple pain pills, self destruction
I made something out of nothing, thanks for nothing
I pistol whip you pussies, knock her out Robitussin
Ran up in your house, killed everybody, no discussion
Rep, that muthafucking red flag like a Russian
Yeah, look, I told her baby I’m a thrasher
We kissed, I lit her ass up than I ashed her
No hard feelings, no card dealing, but I shuffle my queen
Duffle bag too heavy to carry to the car
My Mary in a jar
I’m food, I let the haters add a little salt
Thats cool, I do it for all the niggas that try
And all the bitches I’ve fucked, and all my niggas that died
TunechiYou know what time it is, nigga
And you know who the fuck this is
Danger, danger; get on the floor
The nigga right chea; sing it
]
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Go tell the DJ to put my shit on
I'm keeping you niggas and bitches in jump from the minute I get on
Taking they shirt off, showing they tattoos
Screaming and hollering and all
Got the gift to come up with it
Put it together, deliver it, make them feel it, bitch I been on
Sharp like you pulled me out the pencil sharpener
Bad like that student in the principal office
Put rappers in coffins, they dive like dolphins
I'm the damnedest lyrical marvel you don't come across often
So watch yourself
Or fuck around and get beside yourself, I know
Go head though, bounce them titties
Shake that ass, drop that pussy but stay in line ho
Fuck I can't, cause you can can
Cocked up, head down, pussy popping on a handstand
Leave that pussy smoking
If you gon' do something then bend over, and bust that pussy open
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please
Show me
What it is that you want to see
My fucking concert line around the corner
Parking cars, niggas looking for they bitch, nothing on her
You looking good momma; why, pssh what's up homie
Sirens, limousines, and the club owner ya bitch you
If you late, ain't no getting in this bitch cause it's filling up
Inside packed from the floor to the ceiling up
The building ain't big enough
I'm backstage bouncing, adrenaline building up
The pussy cutter, did I stutter
The heart flutter, make your woman drawers melt like butter
Down like Nelly,
I'm hype like Belly
The rhyme-seller,
kick ass like Jim Kelly
Stand up, round out, boot up and frown
Tell a nigga if he wanna try it then bitch come on down
No sweat, no blood, no tears
And if I tell you it's the shit then, bitch that's what it is
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Danger, talking bout
Danger, motherfucker look
Get on the flo'
The nigga right chea
Danger, motherfucker, watch your back
Danger, look look
Nigga what, look look
Get on the flo'
The nigga right chea, get 'em up
Danger, talking bout
Danger, motherfucker look
Get on the flo'
The nigga right chea
Danger, motherfucker, watch your back
Danger, look look
Nigga what, look look
Get on the flo'
The nigga right chea, get 'em up
I wanna see these fake rappers get off the mic
Gimme my room, you grabbed my space
Look out you all in my life, watch out man
I'm ripping a solo, I jump in the show, the rest are no more
Threw lyrical bolos,
head butts and rhyme elbows
Get off me; tip-toe, wild slow, wild softly
Hurry up, you might not be able to do that shortly
Ain't trying to forget the chea
The whole crowd screaming out danger, danger
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Been so long, 
Since he's been on, 
So please, 
Show me, 
What it is that you want to see
Danger
Danger
Get on the floor
The nigga right hereI know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self, here I go
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self,
here I go
Da man right, chea 
Here I go, here I go
Y'all muthafuckers better get ready to rumble
Get in the line like a conga, plastic like plumbing
Cise on the bongo
Y'all muthafuckers ain't ready
Hey to them boys, get at them bitches and cut they ass
As sharp as a machete
Dope I don't; herbs I do
You bitches probably couldn't see me with a birds eye view
It's alive, finna make your head spin
Stop walking the one way to a fucking dead end
Bitch you yellow
Coward hearted, better bring some water
Kick the gasoline can over
Get this fucking fire started
Your heart jump like a bass drum bump
You bad enough to meet the alligator in the swamp
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go, here I go , here I go
Here I go, here I go, here I go
The man rightchea
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
What you muthafuckers know bout rapping 
Who put you on the map 
I know y'all niggas ain't fucking with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
Here I go - the man right, chea
Here I go, here I go
Rhyme slaying, straight suckers I'm slaying
Hoes I'm laying, niggas gon' barely stand
I got 'em laying and praying, delaying, decaying
Ask them hoes
, I ain't playing with 'em
Wanna get beef, you'll have to turn your cheek
Cock back like like Mad Max and knock out one of them fucking teeth
I'm a mean, gene machine
The executioner be appeased with guillotine
My lifestyle is brutal, like a pit on a poodle
After disaster, have you sipping on chicken noodle
Get yo ass in gear, I’m getting fucked by your women
I'm the shark in the dark, bitch at night don't go swimming
Cause if you do you doomed
I'll probably be the king of the looney toons
Sweating and gasping, I'm a massive assassin
All this smashing and smashing, kicking ass with a passion
Mystikal's on a roll, just that throwed
Another nigga couldn't touch me with a flagpole
Wanna fight Iron Mike but you're too damn light
Like a knife I'll rip ya from ya ass to your appetite
Gangsta since Genesis
Fuck a  I'm the foreign minister, don't brag fag
Wanna battle, bring a body bag
I'm gonna need it, to carry your stupid ass
I observe, time to serve rhymes I heard like words of King George the 3rd
I proceed, to mislead the sweet hoes I cheated
Devour cause I'm sour like Johnny Appleseed
I intrude hoes call me rude, bitch I'm smooth
Watch your fucking attitude
Blast from the past, curse like I'm Mac
I'm like a black cat on the trail of a fat rat
You finna overdose
And choke off these rhymes I wrote
Somebody said that you was looking for me
I'm coming straight for your throat, like a coyote on a goat
Note by note, you sweat me like a ho be no, you ho
Cannot find a antidote cause when I start to flow
Murder he wrote
Huff puff and bluff, come, touch this rough stuff
And get cuffed, snuffed, buffed and scuffed
You can't hit this, get with this or witness
I'm bad tempered, I'll fuck you up with the quickness
I paid my dues, I'm bad news to fools, I choose you lose
Fuck the rules, I wreck beaucoup crews with the words I use
Got me feeling like Z.Z. Hill cause I'm screaming and screaming
And singing the blues you been child-abused
I never bled in the battle, I refuse to lose
You can bring your whole posse bitch I still won't lose
I'll stomp your whole staff, you must want a bloodbath
Fucking riff-raff, break you in half and laugh
Then snap and served you I  and heard you
Think about them words you heard, you fucking nerd
You tried to probably rob me, dodge me
Fucking, fighting, making money on my hobby
Freezing degrees run 'em up, shut 'em up, buttered 'em up
What up? Wanna fight? Bitch, put 'em up
How that sound come get knocked down
Bolos, I throw bitch you won't last no round
I bet let's see, what we can fuck with next
Step that ass in the ring and I'ma jab you to death
Cause I am the baddest black Prince of the South
He who run up, gon' get knocked the fuck out
Pound for pound, blow for blow we could go
If you're really looking for an ass whooping
Here I go, here I go, here I go
The man right cheaI'm in the land
L.A., land of the sticky
What y'all niggas know bout that purple weed nigga?
Show y'all niggas some shit, it's that sticky, that bud
Indo, hydro, open up the window, I'm bout to blow
That fire shit, nigga what ch'all, what ch'all got
What ch'all got to roll 'em up?
Backwoods?
Garcia Vegas?
Straight chocolate Phillies?
Nigga straight, 
Nigga I'll twist it in the Black n Milds
Y'all niggas don't know nothin' about them Coronas
Cognac?
J.O.B., one point five?
Break it up, chop it up, cut it up, tuck the end
Take the filler out and roll it up
Light it, hit it, hold it, pass it
Puff puff blow it up
See some of y'all niggas be talkin' about blowin'
But can't handle the doja
Getting sleepy an' shit, quittin' all early
Bitch you ain't no smoker
Y'all must think used to hittin' that dirt
The sticks with the brown buds
Me, I ain't got shit else to do
Nigga, I'm 'bout to get fucked up
Two cases of green Optimos burned away
A.M. done turned to P.M
And nighttime done turned back to day
I'm, still smokin'
Feelin' sporty in my hotel - spent the whole day gettin' loaded
It's nothin' but smoke til there's nothin' to smoke
It's nothin' but sticky and nothin' but doja
Disconnect the smoke detector and
Put a wet towel up under the door
Nobody around me mo' dope for me, I got the whole tree
Leftovers for me, whoo this bitch off the hee
Button up 'cause suck 'em up is a pet peeve
First don't put my lighter in your pocket
Second don't wet my goddamn weed
That's just two, before I could get to three and fo'
Five and six, I heard a DUM DUM DUM DUM at the do'
Evidence all over, I've been doin' somethin' serious
Gotta hide this shit, 'cause I know that's hotel security
I played it off, I said come back later I ain't got on no clothes
He said, sorry sir, I don't mean to disturb ya, but I smell smoke
Fuck it just went to jail for that shit; I ain't goin' back
I done ate an ounce and I'mma flush the rest
'Cause I ain't goin' out like that
Sprayin' cologne and cuttin' on the shower; tryin' to clear it up
Workin' like a dog but I gotta open the do' - fuck it here go nothin'
The door swung open and some young nigga, talkin' bout  "What's happenin'?"
He said, "I know you got that fire, sell your boy a sack"
Ain't that a bitch
Boy if you don't get your bitch ass up outta here...
Nigga I'm thinkin' you the motherfuckin' police
I done threw all my motherfuckin' weed away
Fuckin with you old bitch-ass nigga
Nigga, get your motherfuckin' ho-ass up outta here
Bitch before I stomp your bitch ass, the fuck
Boy this nigga done blew my motherfuckin' highMan, them niggas can't fuck with you, man, fuck them niggas man!
I know, I, I, I know
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't
Fuck with my damn self
I know, I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me I
I know y'all niggas...
Ugh, god-damn it took a nigga
Thirteen motherfucking years through this shit
Bruh,
I been rappin since La-Di-Da-Di
some fucking where
I know y'all niggas I know y'all niggas I know y'all niggas
Aw shit, it's on nigga
I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
When Mystikal hits the door
See can't nobody fly, through the swamp and bayou, like I do
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me and they can't but they try to
Some niggas just need to be warned
It's gonna be harder to get it up on a my own
Nigga go ring the alarm
Matter fact better know what it take
For the back of your head to hit that grass
Let' s get this straight from the jump
I ain't playing with your bitch ass
These outside niggas that run to the mic better come clean
Fuckin with that Saudi Arabian
Desert Storm veteran 12th ward offspring
I'm runnin these niggas to the jets
To the hills, to the back of the tracks
A-a-ask them hoes, did I do that
?
I'm coming boisterous with 5 million switches
I'm the man with single and double and triple
And four five six time them bitches
I'm the nigga with the go head, fuckin' your bitch up in your bed
Standin' 5 foot 'leven dick crooked like a roach leg
Much bone and I don't fail a test
Little nigga fuck hoes both sides of the river
I can't be fucked with, you can't touch this better grab hold
Bitch I'm so cold I'm like a 24 year-old north pole!
Give a fuck about these raggly ass hoes
Grippin' my nuts as I strut in my baggy ass Girbauds
Makin em stop,  pause, Like Jubilee All
I'm harder than a nigga watchin' Janet Jackson in draws!
But if ya catch me on the TV, or the radio spell it
M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L y'all ain't ready though!
So Mystikal, in your own words could you explain your style?
I gotta get a rhyme that can tumble through the air like a Rambo spear
See y'all can stop lookin at another nigga
Face cause bitch the man right here
You nigga didn't think that I could swing mine
Bitch I'm doing bad and saying rhymes at the same time 
Talking behind my back don't make me no nevermind
Cause all you can say is I'm smarter than Einstein
I'm fire like Cayenne!
You'll never catch me cause I'm swift as a hyena
Gimme the chance I'll rock the Lakefront Arena
Like Teena Marie be rockin' Tipitina's 
Tall dark strong long and lean ain't nobody comin cleaner
It's all in the way I lay my game down
Watch me swing with the Guillotine, rollin' round
Niggatown
But everybody think these niggas be wantin' me
To prove that I'm the man
Bitch I'm colder than a freezer, cooler than a fan
I got no love for no b-i-e-otch
Matter fact's been that way since I was wearin' osh kosh b'gosh
But yet y'all steadily trying to squab bout me
When I come in this door the only thing y'all can do is talk about me
Better get some business about yourself that's what you better do
Matter fact I'm a tell you mother fuckers three things I'm a never do
One : never gonna change my style
Two: never gonna bounce, three: never gonna bow
I'm gettin' tired of being sick and tired
Nigga you got a problem with me gettin' high
Suck big dick and die
Same rhyme phrase get me paid, they can't fade
The tan shade man with the braids
Bitches peep as I creep through the 12th ward
I done offended these niggas compare me
To niggas that gotta practice looking hard
Bitch-a won't leave me alone
I'm not that Thug and I'm not that Ruggish but I do pack Bone
Black prince of the south that's my title
Bitch I'm whoo chka ckha ow! bad like Michael
I'm throwin rhymes at a steady flow
Whoo, there they go y'all niggas ain't ready yo
Bitch I pimp hoes instead of an army petty shit it don't harm me
Bitch I'm entertaining like Cedric and I'm mac like Bernie
I'm black like Menace and I'm g like Slimm
I'm Sporty like T and I'm smooth like Tim
I can click just like the boot camp but I'm conscious like daughter
Bitch I'm insane but um, you still be wantin'
To claim that I'm your partner
I'm Down just like Bust plus I'm Ice just like Mike
And I'm the living lyrical miracle I'm just ice like Precise
I'm the invisible man you blind you can't see shit
You mad cause I got more bitches on my dick than bitches at Freaknik
I'm rougher than a Brillo, I'm soothing like Mylanta
And I'm kickin' like Brando, and I'm swingin' like Evander
Technics that'll speak, be sweet like my Auntie Alberta
Who got the nerve to fuck with the murderer
Better not be no busta
Kickin' it with them Uptown, levee-born hustlers
Ain't no slack in my stack, ain't no lack in my mack
I'ma put you on yo back cause you'se a rat
I'm no pussycat
I cock enough dick to make you scream Hallelujah
Runnin' these bitches from Tchoupitoulas through Pascagoula to Chattanooga
I'm the nigga gon' rock "Streamline" like Lalapalooza
You think you gon' take me, but fuck that
Bitch, I'm out that Boot Camp Click
I got my rifle and my rucksack
Never ever  could touch this lil nigga
Cise, break it down
Dave, play that fuckin' guitar
I run wit' the best and I'm willin' to bet that
He done dropped that album on that ass
But, y'all niggas ain't ready yetStevie J
Young money cash money
Fast life, one night
We did it all in one night
Same night, it’s one night
We moved it all in one night
The same night, over night
Took a flight, did it all in one night
Fuck a nigga bitch, all in one night
Took another trip, all in one night
Split a nigga’s shit, all in one night
Overnight, ship the same night
Pay the price, the same night
Hit him up, leave it since sunny bright
He rolled the dice, so he paid the price
I’m still the nigga off of Tchoupitoulas
I’m still funky like hustle new
Just don’t let ‘em take the call from Cuba
You saw me on the news but you know what I do
I was down, and nigga I don’t fuck around
Cuz I’m pound for pound and I’m blow for blow
Got another year for ’98, ‘99
Been gone since ‘04, got out on parole
Shit, rappin’ this man and nigga I don’t just kid, nigga got my spot
Still hard like a locked up cock
Simple but the same with a locked up pac
Come and behold, they open the gates so
Brace yourself big, about to shake up the block
Can’t just lock up the prince of the south
Came the time right you didn’t fuck with me
Put your mold on, slot ‘em, cold ‘em, hold ‘em
My shoulder gets cold in blood
I brought the motherfucker like it’s ape charge
I’m high enough to slide between the water
I’d give it to you but nah they don’t get it
I’m shovelin’ the gloves but hands don’t fit it
Take up a video and later get to know ‘em
Get the motherfucker for preaching to Levy
I taught that detainer. Artist, painter
Sweep that finger, bang ‘er
Cuz your motherfuckin’ head I’mma blow off
And your body hit the floor and the carpet stained
Have the nigga that you won a star should you go to war
But you’re more than a gruesome painter
When it come to rappin’ get some lollics and then put ‘em all together and use ‘em
Aha, I’m a fool with a tool, I’mma beast in the street
Put the fucker on the door but the law got feelin’ to the riddle lemme kill ‘em to the beat
Fuckin’ records, I’mma stab ‘em with them repper
Get the phone with the chrome and I’m lone with the bone
God dammit, I grudge when I bust ‘em
Three hoes with some dudes, they’re alone in the room
Better off gettin’ hit by a chain, ran over by a truck or fall of a house
Dare to fuck with me then my work, choke me on yourself ‘til you pass out
And the fuck I don’t get no shits, and you son of a bitch, you’d better watch your step
Hey, but the microphone’s stickin’ out your ass and the goddamn Corvette ‘round your neck
Bitch!
Stevie J
It is what it is, motherfucker what it is
We so YMCMB and the B stand for biz
Stand for bang, stand for Benzes
Stand for Bentleys, stand for Bugattis
Stand for bank, Rose bottles, beach life
Beat them hands with it, be like
Stunner, why they got me started? I was just chillin’ 
Now I gotta kill ‘em, bullets the size of chitlins
I got that old rapper clapper feel like I be in heaven
I send his ass to hell to dance to the devil’s rhythm
Never dropped a album but I got a pocket full of cash
So dear rappers, fuck you and your swag
I just came back from France, did 2 shows
Now the big face Rollies, I got 2 of those
Awards on my wall for my pen, I got a few of those
Some made niggas who paid, I got a crew of those
I used to dream about pornstars, now I’m screwin’ those
This YMC in business, fuck you think I do, what’s up?
Talkin’ about, live for it
Her head good, can’t imagine what she did for
Let’s fuck tonight, baby bay
Yea tonight, cuz tomorrow is a workin’ day
Get it early baby cuz I’m blowin’ up
Maybe some time in the future I see just how you holdin’ up
Tell you nigga, you choose it now
Say you’re shiftin’ gears, cruise it now
Let me tell you something
I make beats, I lay tracks, I write hooks, I love God, I fuck bitches. Fact
Don’t take long, I’m all night
I’ll pick you up, you ball right
My applause is that I’m all in but I’m thinkin’ ‘bout gettin’ back
Get it all, man get it all
Never let that cup spill
I’m fresher than a motherfuckin’ shaker
Okay, our night is young and we on
Feel good and you hurt nigga
Cash money and young money
I’m ‘bout that, see the shirt nigga
The shirt nigga
Young money, cash money that’s right
We on top and we never gonna stop
Wussup
Number one crew 
Getting’ rich 
Stunner
Salute
Believe that
Stevie J
That’s rightDans cette forêt silencieuse, l'orage m'insulte comme une feuille morte
Parce que j'ai frappé à son cœur, frappé à sa porte
Mon droit d'aimer est interdit à cause des traditions
Qui voilent son étoile, se voir c'est une mission
Ô mon Dieu, qu'avons-nous fait au ciel ?
Est-ce un crime de s'aimer, avec un grand M ou love avec un L
Je sors de mes gonds, comme Aragon, je crie plus fort que les obus
Que ceux qui sont blessés, que ceux qui ont bu
J'ai trouvé l'amour en terre étrangère
Malgré les reproches, le mauvais œil
,
on essaye de le coudre mieux que Singer
Notre histoire est plus belle que les étoffes de Kairhouan
La foi abaisse les montagnes, pour surmonter il faut de la poigne
Pour moi, aucune différence n'est une barrière
Rien ne pourra m'éloigner de toi
Ceux qui nous jugent n'auront pas le choix
Nous seront plus forts
A l'heure où même les ambulanciers dorment
Elle est venue au secours de mon cœur blessé
Piétinant toutes les normes
Je pousse l'écriture à bout, j'abats ce sujet tabou
Je l'ai kiffé avec mes yeux de muet, premier rendez-vous
A l'école, je déclarais ma flamme avec ma voix d'aveugle
Mon morceau bégaye, j'ai des larmes dans la voix
A cause de cette relation, autour de nous les gens ont changé
On nous regarde bizarrement comme deux étranges étrangers
Lorsqu'on se balade tranquillement, je le sens, je le vois
L'atmosphère est tendue,
comme si on avait mangé le fruit défendu
Est-ce sur nous seuls que bat le froid ?
Je crois pas, je pense qu'il y en a pleins dans ce cas
Pour moi, aucune différence n'est une barrière
Rien ne pourra m'éloigner de toi
Ceux qui nous jugent n'auront pas le choix
Nous seront plus forts
J'ai pas besoin d'aller au bord de la mer pour avoir l'inspi'
Ce qui se passe autour de moi autour de nous me suffit
C'est un réel problème de société
Surtout ne laissez pas l'adversité briser votre volonté
Si vous aimez quelqu'un, aimez malgré les traditions soi-disant
Misez sur l'amour qui est plus fort que les médisants
A mon tour comme Serge Gainsbourg
Je dis : "que la vie ne vaut d'être vécue sans amour"
Mon fruit défendu, mon soleil, ma Méditerranée
Tes yeux sont si profonds que j'adore m'y mirer
C'est pas ce qui est beau qu'on aime, c'est ce qu'on aime qui est beau
C'est pas un jeu de mot, en matière d'A, tu es mon medjerida Gémeaux
Comme un éclair, ta beauté me foudroie en plein cœur et sa région
On veut nous séparer, problème de religion
Problème de culture, mais Dieu aime ceux qui s'aiment
Ceux qui sèment l'amour à n'importe quelle heure, j'suis super lover
Dédicacé à mon premier amour
Pour moi, aucune différence n'est une barrière
Rien ne pourra m'éloigner de toi
Ceux qui nous jugent n'auront pas le choix
Nous seront plus forts[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and
Pharrell
]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back
I really be throwin' my words
Standing 'em up, and
jammin' on the one
That ain't nobody but Neptunes bammin' on the drum
Swift flip kicks landing from the tongue
More dramatic than Batman and Robin, ba na na na na na
The one that be handling business, be sharper than a thumb tack
The one that be dropping these albums, showing 'em how to come back
And you gone respect me
,
appreciate where I run at
You ain't gone piss me off, cause you sorry that you done that
I gets meaner, badder, stronger and ferocious
You don't even much want to see the rest
I'm coming back mo' fearless, mo' determined to fold the set
I ain't even started yet
So if you ain't ready you better get ready
Know I do it better when I'm being opposed
Ah stick ya chest out, keep ya chin up
And sometimes you gotta get knocked down to get up
[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and
Pharrell
]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back
No matter what happened, that's only once, it's shame on you
You come up and here and do it again then its shame on me
Sometimes we be getting in trouble you didn't want learn
Sometimes we be getting so rude you ain't want see
I accept my wages like the way that I fail
I grow, I take strides and but 'em under my belt
I learned from you just like you learned from me
I plead
,
I pray for peace and perfect harmony
Somebody say fool you better keep on rapping
Stop that trippin', causin it ain't gone happen
I told them look you better mind yo business
Change yo' way of thinking and keep on living
Done started some trouble and
you ain't been out since
Cause you stuck inside scared watching CNN
Just take the precaution so yo life a be better
Tell my friends to call me I ain't accepting no letters
[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and
Pharrell
]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back
Oh you heard about it, yeah you had to
Hmm-huh, I know you change ya mind you ain't the only one with bad news
I know that they made you feel strange huh
You was right in the middle complaining and forgot what you was cryin bout
It could be you time and it might be
You can't do nothing about it, its God will thats just how life be
One day it hit 'cha then its gone
And I'm serious and you ain't never even gone feel it until it hit home
That's when the pain run sharper and deeper
You ain't eat that's when the days feel slow and long
I know you miss 'em so it's time to uplift 'em
Try to pick the pieces up and find a way to drive on
I tell you the truth so don't lie to me
Get back Satan don't bother me
And that's the way its gotta be
And when its over and done with I hope you proud of me
[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and
Pharrell
]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back
[Outro 2x: Mystikal and
Pharrel
]
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You ain’t seen bouncin' back!Woke up this morning
Rocked up
Dick hard like wolverine claws
Got up
Yeah I think I got to piss
Then my dick said
"naw motherfucker you were dreaming 'bout a bitch!!
Remember that chick
With the hips
Who walk with that switch
She was talking that shit?"
Oh yeah man ya girl ha?
Bitch fine
Matter of fact
I'mma call her ass right now
*ch-Bling*
"Bitch what's happening!?
Yeah yeah... blah blah...
Bitch what's happening!?
Ready to wear that pussy out
At the house
Make me shout
Like a man
Bout to knock it out the box"
She said
"yeah that's what your mouth say"
I said
"let's take to living room
And see just what the couch say!"
She said "later on today?"
My dick said "FUCK NAW HOE!! WE ALREADY ON OUR WAY!!"
That bitch, that bitch, that bitch
She got me stiff
That ho that choke, that ho that choke
She got me hot in the snow
That broad, that broad, that broad, that broad
She got me hard
That woman, that woman, that woman, that woman
She know how to make my dick touch stomach
*Boom Boom*
To the southside
I said
"*bamp bamp* bitch
*bamp bamp* bitch I'm outside!!
You gone get yours
Now open your mouth wide"
She said
"pull that motherfucker out
And show me what you talking 'bout!"
Guess jeans flew off like a jet
Ain't clowning it was gone in seconds
I ain't lying nigga probably broke a record
'on ya mark get set'
You motherfucking well right and now
I was down that ho neck!!
She made me hit that 'GOOD LAWD!!'
Toes curling up
Dick jumping at her jaw like a frog
Boy!
This ho here a dog
She getting rubbernecked
And bumping up against the wall
She hit that head like a champ
I popped that fucking cock out her mouth
And hit a left and broke a lamp!!!
Damn!! it won't hold
It ain't quitting
Time for the 5 'o clock whistle
Bout to blow!!
*WOOOOOOOOOH!!!*
That bitch, that bitch, that bitch
She got me stiff
That ho that choke, that ho that choke
She got me hot in the snow
That broad, that broad, that broad, that broad
She got me hard
That woman, that woman, that woman, that woman
She know how to make my dick touch stomach
I don' fucked around
And started hearing noise
I'm like
"hold on bitch
Where my motherfucking drawers!?"
She said
"they right here on the floor
Fuck wrong with you nigga??"
I said
"bitch you got somebody at the door!!!"
*ah-Booga Booga*
"aww hell..."
She said
"shit!! that's my old man
Who just got out of jail!!!"
I said "For what?"
She said
"domesticated violence!
He crazy get in the closet!"
I said "Bitch I know you lying!!!"
Boy!
I was just about to slug her
'til that nigga kicked the door
I hit that closet like a motherfucker
He grabbed that ho and said
"bitch what you doing?
Where that nigga at?
I know your ass in here screwing!!"
That ho toast
I'm roast in here stewing
My heart double timing
And my chest twitching
And this is the worst thing
I've ever seen without doing
I woke up from that dream
Like "what the fuck am I doing!!?"
That bitch, that bitch, that bitch
She got me stiff
That ho that choke, that ho that choke
She got me hot in the snow
That broad, that broad, that broad, that broad
She got me hard
That woman, that woman, that woman, that woman
She know how to make my dick touch stomachWhat the fuck was that?
What man? I don’t know what’s up
And what the fuck did you miss?
Get past me people, get pass me hit me
That was me that you missed
I’m the one you’ve been missing and wishing
For listen! 
All commands will be coming from the goddamn top 
I’m the maestro 
I’m the nigga with the stick in this bitch 
Arranger, director, conductor
Any other fucking names you can think of 
I got drums and shit, tom-toms and shit
I got congos and bongos and guitars and keyboards and cymbals and horns all up in this bitch ..
Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it
Wow, wow, kind of shit you ain't heard on the Box in a while!
Even the white people sitting up in this motherfucker can't do nothing but say wow!
Hear that Helen?
He’s tearing it up, that fella
I’d love to get my hands on those a capellas
That nigga sicker and slicker than oil on the pelican
We on the one
Me and KL like Abbott and Costello
We go together like stanky and smelly
Tummy and belly, peanut butter jelly 
That’s some fool, there, your mommas say, "That’s my groove, there!"
Fuck the dumb shit, kill ‘em with the drum kick
Give it to the nigga with the drum stick
Hit it!
I’m flipping on the record like an acrobat
You can’t stop me cause it’s something that I’m natural at
Even in the wake of my aftermath, I catch you bitches
I’m losing my alphabet 
ABCD, see these bitches?
LMNO bitches
OSTR, hit it
You can tell I'm getting money by how they lining up
But when I’ll lead them, they’ll be whining like them Monicas
Whether they diamonds, Madonnas, designers, iguanas
Rihanna, vaginas, piranha, hit it!
I’m getting too old to be calling names
Saying bitches and hoes cause it’s all the same
On top of that the rappers always getting all the blame
But is it really cause the niggas are just off the chain 
Chicka bow chicka bow bow
Toot it up, I got something for that round brown
Black man, put your mother fucking crown on
Pull your fucking pants up
, band, break it down now
Wow
Even the white people sit in this motherfucker be nothing but got doing nothing but say
Wow? Look there Judy, that goddamn band's pretty groovy
I bet you two bumps off my ass
If you play this for Mum, she'll shake her booty
Hit it
Get down the beat
Never ever ever been beat on the beat
Been more speedy than a cheetah with the rhythm I keep
Bass drum thumpin like elephant feet
Cappin on these rappers like Muhammad Ali
I’m the greatest
, I’m pretty
I open line in the jungle
I send a brick to the goddamn hospital
Rumble, young man rumble!
This is totally ludicrous, it’s preposterous
You guys are fucking losers
You’re gonna piss me off
I’m gonna run through you fucking losers
They pissed me off, and we gonna knock you bums off
I'mma run through you
Prepare the beat! It's funky I'm bad  bad 
I'mma do my thing
Baby, baby, baby, baby hit me!
Say it proud! I’m black and I’m loud!
Say it proud! I’m black and I’m loud! 
Say it proud! I’m black and I’m loud!
Say it proud! I’m black and I’m loud!
You gotta give homage
Soul brother number one, James Brown
, ain’t nobody do it better
Hit it!
Bad man
Michael J
...
Hit it, hit it, hit itThis is Mystikal and Outkast
I'm representin'
I'm out for the big bucks and NO WHAMMIES
, goddammit
You can't stand it!
Make 'em feel the impact and I ain't even in Miami
Handlin' with my man 'nem in Atlanta
And they payin' me 'cause they know I bring the kinda shit you feelin' as I'm sayin it
I'm like the NBA sore thumb
Or a pawn shop Tec 9, bitch, I'm known for jammin'
Smoke Mary, Mary, Mary
Put a mean ass flow on top of bad vocabulary
I bust through, intrude, move through distractions
Withstand hits and blows, don't lose no traction
I threw a round off flip flop flip flop back at em
If a nigga come in clown then I'm gon' get the cannon
And then get God back
Knuckle up boy, don't be no fuck boy
Me and Guillotine we run some niggas in a big truck boy
Run flat boy, run that boy
Bitch, where I'mma send you, you can't come back, boy
I bring flames to a four alarm fire
I wash him up and wring him out, now throw him in the dryer
I hit the door, I'm blowin' him like Southern band
And they always tryin' to find something to say about the brotherman
I invent 'em, flip 'em, and send 'em
Rhymes get jumped off like I pulled King Kong for ya
Guess what? This is a stick-up
Give me back my shit before I start pickin' bricks up
Garbage MCs better run for it
Don't come this way 'cause you can't walk on this side of the yard forty
And respect me for takin' it to 'em
So expect me to lay it down and represent my neck of the woods
Yeah, like that, ha ha, ha ha, yeah, yeah, yeah
Mystikal and OutKast, ha ha
If it don't bump off in the club, you can't rock
If it ain't 808 in the trunk, it ain't knock
If you round our neck of the woods, you better stop
'Cause the people on the block gonna show you where to drop, ahhhh
Call me the Heat Miser, the beat riser
The nigga that spit that street fire
Mystikal, André, and Big Boi taking 'em out of the park like Mark McGwire
Sosa
, you so so,
your rhymes are small like Toto
You're bitchmade like Dorothy
, you belong in a sorority
I'mma call you Cocoa, or Candy
Go sing a song with Brandy
Quit rhymin' and double timin', what is you sayin', G?
I'm taking my thirteenth shot of Cuervo Gold
My style is drunken
And you know we doin' the beat big, oh hell yeah, it's gonna be bumpin'
Giving you something to beat the block with, with the cops swift
My stamina's incredible, so sucka, don't try to stop this
The D-U-N-G-E-O-N Family, merrily
Life is but a dream
, I mean a nightmare 'cause it's scaring me
But I live, gotta give, one-double-O percent above the rest Yeah, Daddy Fat Sacks gon' burst, and you know that, YEAH
Yeah, know that, East Point never stop like that
All the way to Decatur
If it don't bump off in the club, you can't rock
If it ain't 808 in the trunk, it ain't knock
If you round our neck of the woods, you better stop
'Cause the people on the block gonna show you where to drop, ahhhh
Hey, what's your name?
André 3000,
the year to fear is already here
Must look beyond, sounds from the center of the sun
Reason for a gun, only one
Strong believer in self-preservation
In the State of confused
City of forgotten fate, County of the blues
Street address Generation X Avenue
But Generation Y high to the point
That a joint won't anoint a new one
Walking in my silver boots, need a shoehorn and some church socks
What if I told you he manipulate clocks?
Stops, time rewinds, see what he finds
Then re-arrange and change things that's on your mind
Would you swallow like fine wine or peanut butter?
Would you holler that I'm lying and ask another?
Or pay no heed and run for cover?
If it don't bump off in the club, you can't rock
If it ain't 808 in the trunk, it ain't knock
If you round our neck of the woods, you better stop
'Cause the people on the block gonna show you where to drop, ahhhhOh bitch I'm country as cowboy boots
I debut beating boy band groups
Nigga let me know what the fuck y'all wanna do
Either keep up or you can't 
Mildew or barbecue, crack or do your thang, dang
I ain't come here for no dumb shit
You tell me which one is the hardest nigga
Lyrics or the drum kick
And when it's finished over and done with
I'ma smoke a blunt and knock the pussy off of some bitch
I ain't no speedy, you say I beat it too much
I ain't gone eat it, you ain't gone drown me, and I pound it enough
See me leaving with a big butt woman
With me, walking funny, pussy up in her stomach
Sittin' in the front cause T.V.'s running
Peanut-butter leather seat, with Big Truck on it
I must've kidnapped her, the nigga man-hunting
Cause I heard him hollering, "Hold on baby I'm coming!!!"
We hushed those who never thought we would get this far
But bitch I told you 
So do what you're supposed to 
Give me brains, stop looking strange, bitch, shit changed
It's just like I told you 
Came up like I'm supposed to 
And I'm known as the Black Prince of the South
So wop-bop-a-loo-bop
, bitch watch out
I make your momma shake her tail feather
Don't tell your daddy that I'm here, because you know I make him feel threatened
Go get your sexy dress to turn me on
While he down there quoting Betty Wright, "I know you not gon' sing that song!!!"
I hit the chart and never move off
Or homie cool off
Before your nose looks like Rudolph's
I give it to him and this bitch can't handle it
Old ugly, jealous, mother-fucker, this shit jammin'
Ridiculous amounts of raw uncut talent
On top of bass, strings, kicks, and piano
They callin' me big bucks, no whammies
This year I'm screaming, "Jive Records, Big Truck," got dammit
Heads up, tighten up, a nigga move
Ranked CEO/Rapper/Fool
I'm fixin' to blow up like the jaws of Dizzy Gillespie
Heavens to Betsy
Julio Iglesias couldn't out rock me,
Speedy Gonzales couldn't come catch me
Grammy-nominated, especially
The Soul Train Award winner
, call me Black Elvis Presley
You probably can't keep up with what you've seen me on
Either 106 & Park, Queen Latifah, Chris Rock, or Jenny Jones
I knock down buildings, and chop down trees
I kick so fucking hard they say, "You Japanese?"
I'm up in the millions because of what I invent
Look at you, over there with your seat belt light on approaching y'all initial decent
A.k.a The Tarantula
Hot rhymes coming from a canister
They keeping my fans for something to brag on
These peoples in here ain't leaving until I finish my fucking last song
Bitch, walk like a Barbarian
Tall, dark and cut, I keep them fucking hoes starin'Me that's who
Me me that's who
Me me that's who
I'm the round out the tank
I'm the round out the tank
I'm the round out the tank
I'm the loud blacca blacca, wacca wacca coming from
Behind cha
Me that's who
I'm the "weee" before the "boom"
I'm the fire in the hole coming from the tube
I'm the claymore mine sittin in the dirt
I'm the
prone unsupported
I'm "doom doom doom" three round burst
Sleepin bag in the freezin weather
I'm the fragmentation vest for shrapnel and flyin metal
I'm the auto on the fire selector
I'm the thousand shells bouncin off the brass deflector
Squeeze the trigger center mass
when it's time to take aim
I'm the "waahhhaa" boom when they ricochet down range
Creeping, heat seekin and keepin my target
I'm that
biological threat you don't wanna go to war wit
Listen here I make you fuckin grave where you live at
I'm almost there one click away from yo' bivouac
Flash bang, highly illuminated
This is operation fuck over my destination
Ha, I'm all you rank and ribbons strips and brass and decorations
I'm that fucking hole in the earth after detonation
C 130 airborne soldier
coming from the sky
Recognize ground troopers rolling just like hemmit tires
I'm fixin my road march so save ya breath
If I don't get cha with the rifle I'm a catch cha with my bayonette
I run with M1's, tanks and howtzers
I'm a 45 day 45 night field problem
I'm yo' smart book when the live exercise begins
And when it get dark I'm noise and light discipline
Twelve bravo run you out the foxhole
Make it to the bunker or it ain't no survival
I'm that war vet that's combat ready
Whether arctic or jungle or the middle of the desert
They try to make it when they know they can't
How the fuck yo gon run from the round out the tank{Verse 1}
I'm still the one the rappers look up to
When they want to know how to do it
And they can’t figure out why the fuck you still love
That nigga you were tryin to ruin
Probably cuz a nigga knows shit from sugar
And could see through what you doin
But you made that bed and you bathed that nigga so the mob will start a chewin
Saw a nigga more cuz I know a let ya down and the thing that we pursuin
Don’t wanna leave but gotta go right now cuz I gotta face the music
Sky can all but be blue and calm
Specially with a storm blowin
Just be strong, we done seen it before so you know we can make it through it
I know it kinda hurt but don’t let em see you sweat
Just act like there's nothing to it
They laughin right now but they gon cry later, wouldn’t tell ya it if it wasn’t true
Come here baby, it’s alright, stop boo-hooin
Daddy gon be back up that real real soon
Come here
{Hook}
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
{Verse 2}
Left right. I been right. And I ain't gotta get right
I'm Real, I’m straight up like a motherfuckin pinstrip
I called but you been tied, rolled but you been like
Does a motherfucker reckon tell er gesundheit?
Tell that motherfucker you was in the big house
Tell the motherfucker what you made up and
Tell the motherfuckers how they used to treat you
Tell em what you gonna do when you get out
Shake them fuckin streets, break them fuckin beats
Knock that motherfucker down, tear that bitch to pieces
Rappers in for the spot that I’m runnin
Nigga proud of the place that you hung in
Tell me who gon be gone for that long
Then get back on top. How many niggas ever done that?
Sure that wasn't nothing but a setback
Show em just how a real nigga come back
Make him wish that he never would’ve did that
And the motherfuckin ass gon regret that
That dog gon have his day
You’ll see that when it’s over, don't fret, don’t cry no more
Come lay on daddy's shoulder
{Hook}
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
WHY! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't Stay on the street cuz thats where ya gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
{Verse 3}
I’m still hard like I always was
So I imagine if a nigga ain’t have to leave
One of the coldest motherfuckers that
Ever touched the mic, ain't no tellin where I'd be
Probly some where at the top of the pile at a height that you can’t believe
And what you did and you didn’t do
During my career, We gone keep between you and me
How the fuck you have a dog but you don't wanna feed him and expect him not to leave?
How the fuck you think you can cut ya nigga that deep and expect him not to bleed?
I’m fuckin him up, back at yo house, when it be messy
Should've rolled with me now dip me
Not none of these niggas can catch me
But rap was there for me more than my closest homey
Never turned on me, fed me when i was hungry
I just was stuck a second, you ain’t give a fuck you waited
All that’s over now, that alja baby
{Hook}
Boy! Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Yeah I fell
Can't Stay on the street, Stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Why you gotta make yo mamma cry?
Hah? Can't stay on the street cuz that where you gon die
Come here
Come here, let me talk to yall
Come here, sit down, shut up
Come here, let me talk to yall
{Outro}
Ayo you new rappers
I told you class was in session
But this class was like in the 1940’s
Where if you fuck up and get wrong
We put you over our fuckin knee
And we beat the shit out of you
Mystikal
Still a fuckin problem
You get it?
1940’s
Old school class is in fuckin session
Beatin yall niggas over the head[Chorus: Insane &
Mystikal
]
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Motherfuckin murderer....shot my fuckin brother
But when I find him, I'm gone GET THAT MOTHERFUCKER!
He playin the role of one them niggas that's always talkin noise
Runnin INSIDE, talkin that shit, front of his fuckin boys
Fuck that, I'm lockin that bolt back
Loadin that gat, here that Glock come, 
Out'cha fuckin' head... standin on the corner
I'm peepin on ya, so I CAN CREEP UP ON YA!!!!
Calmin my nerves, get rid of these punks and stick em in my mind
You want it?  Fine, I DONE REACHED FOR THAT NINE
I'm gone do you in
I'm tellin ya bitch you gone have to get up quick
And hit the bricks before I do you in
Two of your boys spied me comin
Them coward-hearted niggas started runnin
But not you though, you gots to play the hard role
Stop playin it up like a bone, BITCH I KNOW YOU ARE
Talkin head gonna put you on your deathbed
Just cuz you got a gat, that's just why you actin brave
Got a gat I got a GLOCK, what'cha gone do?
Handle your business, DON'T LET YOUR BUSINESS HANDLE YOU!
[Chorus: Insane &
Mystikal
]
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Pull your shirt down bitch
I know you got a gat, but I ain't scared bout that bullshit
It don't matter how many fuckin guns you got
The only thing that MATTER, is a nigga, to get the first shot
Cuz if I peep, that ass is fallin to the street
Bitch retreat or that ass is deeeeeeead meat
Smack your teeth, but I'ma knock you off your fuckin feet
They gone pick you up, piece-by-piece off that concrete street
When N.O. meet, who gives a fuck about a poor neat scene?
We got beef, so I'ma shoot'cha like a FAKE BITCH
Let you know just who you fuckin' with
But I ain't that type of nigga
That's liable to shoot you over no DUMB SHIT!
If I'ma pop ya, I'ma pop ya for just cause
You talk too much shit PLUS, you popped one of my boys
Gankin niggas I'm gettin downright SCANDOLOUS!!!!
  YOU CAN'T HANDLE THIS!!!!
So when you're out bitch, move or I won't step
Cuz if I catch'cha I'ma drill ya in your fuckin chest
I ain't gone gone ride by and pop, cause I might miss
I'ma walk up to your FACE, Pop POINT BLANK BITCH!!!
That's what you get, from out there tryin to go act bad
Not even BRUCE LEE, could whoop a bullet ass
Got'cha, come, get this ass whoopin
If you bringing them niggas with ya, that's nothin
I'm poppin' the clip in
Nigga fetcher, satisfied when you're on the stretcher
You might run but I'ma CATCH 'EM!!!!
[Chorus: Insane &
Mystikal
]
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
FUCK NO!  I ain't caught that bitch yet
I done been through every scandalous sight, and every project
But I bet'cha, when I stop, runnin behind em
Get up, pack my shit and I'll STOP, and then I'll fuckin find him
Yo dumb ass in the street
Fuck that shit, cuz I'ma catch your ass this week
Monday, a one day when you go play , goes the A.K
Sprayin on his ass like a roach, and if I approach, too late to duck hoe
Drop, run, fall, kick, scream, now curse
How in the fuck you gone duck a twelve round burst?
Hammin at that ass on Tuesday, put up the nine
Go get the A.K
Bitch if I catch you in the mall Wednesday
That's the day that ass fall
Then it might be Thursday, three round burst day
The day I'm blood thirsty
Fuck that, wait til FRIDAY, PAYDAY!!!!
Shoot'cha in your face and take your money, J
Now wait til the weekend, heh, yeah
Saturday, that's the day you go CREEPIN
But you better be watchin your back cuz I'm sneakin 
Waitin for my chance to do your ass in
I don't give a fuck if it's on Sunday
God gone have to forgive me, cuz I'ma shoot'cha in your head nigga
[Chorus: Insane &
Mystikal
]
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!
Guns murder niggas at night
Man, niggas even kill niggas at night
Cops murder niggas at night
I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!It's crazy out here 
Yo, mama, I'm tryna keep my head strong 
Uhh!
 I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
I feel like a bird nigga with no wings
I'm stuck in this ghetto tryna have a little change
My homies killin' up each other 'cause we gotta eat
And I ain't trippin' 'cause I'm runnin' from the police
I done seen little kids in the projects starvin'
I done seen more hoes messin' than Marvin
See in the ghetto, the sun it barely shines
But so many niggas in jail and the welfare lines
And all my life I thought Bill Clinton ran the country
'Til I found out Bill Gates had all the money
And the media startin' east and west coast wars
I'm from the south, where they prejudice on us all
Commodity powdered milk and eggs don't fill us up
But why the government sold us drugs and charges to clean us up
Gave us three halves and high interest student loans
Four dollar minimum wage and section eight, we call it home
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
It's real when you can do whatever you want to do
When you want to do it
Ain't to many niggas out there livin' like that
That's why the rest of y'all niggas ain't never gone through it
How many niggas in the penn
How many niggas in the cemetery don't know why?
How many strikes y'all niggas need
How many innocent children in the ghetto gotta lose they lives?
WHY? Why you gotta make your mama cry?
HUH? She tell you stay off of the street 'cause that's where you gon' die
But you don't listen 'cause your mind is one track and your head is hard
And your gettin' flipped, and your talkin' back
Showin' your ass, actin' straight up off the wall
Lemme talk to y'all, don't think it's too hard to fall, but that's far and all
I done saw it all, and it was cool when it started off
Now the nigga's duckin' bullets like dodge-balls
Niggas got me scared to plant my seed
Fear of how it's gon' grow
Livin' in a messed up world, in a messed up time
I'm tellin' ya, you can't do shit no more
It's bigger than us, it's out of our hands
That's why I'm prayin' to God
Oh, Heavenly Father
Keep my head above the water
It's your world, but we your children
Your sons and your daughters
We strugglin', tryna get out the ghetto
They constantly tryna make it to mars
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Dear mama pray for your son
Hopin' I can make it through this game
Wishin' I can change, I've been through so much
Seen so many things, couldn't find the words to explain
Only way to avoid stress is to get high, by drinkin' Hennessy
But I can't get too high, 'cause I keep my eyes on my enemies
I've seen harder times, but there gonna be some harder days
Penitentiary close, but you know what? Cemeteries ain't that far away
Before I die I'm tryna make the whole world feel
Like our people scared to stand here
The way we express ourself, they think that we all some killers
Now look through the eyes of this ghetto child influenced by the street
Go to sleep to gunshots, wake up from sirens from the police
See now my life ain't been the same nigga
Life as a thug
If I had to draw a picture of my life
I have to paint my picture in blood
Closest homie died
Before he died little cousin told me this
Get you somethin' 'cause cemeteries
Packed full of niggas who had dreams to be rich
So keep your head up, to all my ghetto children
It was hard to tell my family one day I was gonna grow up to make millions
When I told them, they seemed to laugh at my so called dream
I liked to scream when I came home from jail
Told: my best friend turned into a fiend
I ain't gonna lie, my conscience ain't clear
When I close my eyes
But you gotta realize, God forgive me
I'm just out here, tryna survive
They cut welfare and health care
That shit gotta stop
I got a positive note, my auntie havin' a baby
Congratulations, she on rocks
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Uhh! This ghetto got me crazy
Mama, won't you pray for your baby?
Uhh! I'm just a ghetto child tryna make it
Mama, I'm just a ghetto child tryna make itI'm not really the type of nigga to play the gangsta
Cause you's probably coolin'
But straight off the motherfuckin breast
I ain't comin for no foolishness
100 volts on the mic kept knowin'  then I'm probably chillin'
Tilt that crazy off bottle 'til I'm blitzed
Look-a here nigga yall know that feelin'
But I ain't that type of nigga to shoot the shit if you on my shit list
But I'm that type of nigga that's quick to handle my business
Im makin' a run with shit that I've done
Im wavin' a gun at shit that you've brung
Make niggas get brung strung and hung with the slip of a tongue
I unfold a truck-load as I explode
You bitches can't hold the side-door when I'm in my front-load
Im keepin'em  I'm keepin'em hype
I'm leavin'em right I'm even uptight
Holdin' the mic and say the word FUCK more times then Dolomite
I'm the nigga that got the last words you got served
Smokin' fat herbs and gunnin' niggas down like black birds
With fast words, observe I'm funky like raptures
But I'm much much more then a mouth full of adverbs and bad words
Stick dick to your lips like chop sticks
My  I rock with with
More paid well no fade but bout colder than a cub of Kool-Aid
It never been done before so nigga then why try
Hittin' harder then Popeye slappin' motherfuckers like Cha-Cha
I fuck with a capitol "F" put  to death  crowd def
And I'ma continue to flow until I come up on my last breath
So homie raise up 
Hold these tricks up 
See I'm that nigga that tells whether or not a nigga stay now look here
 
I'm not that nigga
I'm not that nigga
I'm not that nigga to fuck
You'll get picked off
Keep fuckin' with a nigga like me get hip-tossed
Fuck fightin' fair get every nigga I know
And jump your bitch ass like Kriss-Kross
And look at a riddle that I belittle
When I'm a jumbo now a fiddle
I jump in your eardrum and play 
Stop wanting to ditch'em
I'm in this bitch and comin' out rich
In case yah haven't noticed I'm 'bout a foul mouth son of a bitch
Inch by inch as I drench
I'm a sense clench
That bullshit that yall niggas throw is equivalent to the pain of a pinch
I got the gimmick to make them bitches bounce like DJ Jimmy
They can't get near me cause they fear me but yall don't hear me
It's like that bitch I saw
Who hit my fucking car
Look-a-hear, I ran that ho from Chippawa to Witchita
I'm steady for 'fessin, so niggas can kick this funky lesson
I'm effervescent as a fluorescent from that fuckin' crescent
A nigga that know how
Making them bitches say, "Go Child"
Poppin' that pussy and shakin' that ass just like they at a luau
So come with the pussy the paper the pen and the pussy now pass me the mic
Show you around jump on yo' ass just like a 
I shot more shit than Shawn Kemp
but got more bitches than a world pimp
And got more flavor than a brown shrimp
I'ma be comin' up on some shit that make a nigga wanna talk some shit
But if you ain't brought shit
Then I ain't the nigga to start shit with
You couldn't fuck with the old but all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck wit the new shit
You stuck on stupid
I ain't that nigga to fool with
A nigga might sprout up talkin' about what
The only way to keep my muthafuckin' name out your muthafuckin' mouth
Is keep your muthafuckin mouth shut
I don't step  fire then a gutter
I'm takin'em 10 at a time cause
I ain't SCARED of you muthafuckers
I'm strippin'em up
I'm rippin'em up and flippin'em up
And just to continue to flow on rhymes I single and double and triple'em up
Making passes
See massive titties and pussies and asses
But got more hoes than the Bayou Classic
More vicious then BooBoo wash you up like we do
I'm blacker then Voo-Doo, harder than a raw Ramen noodle
Black like Sheep, I'm Cool like Jay in effect like Rex
I'm Grand like Pub huh, huh daddy how you?
I'm Ice like T, rock like Kim fuck it
Spice like One but got more Enemies then the Public nigga
I kick it at random standing and dumpin until the band come
Bitchin and pitchin a temper tandrum, to the hand drum
The bigger opponent nigga that flow
You can't compare a nigga like Mystikal to Skidrow or Ugly Kid Joe
But yet you steadily pickin dirt with me
You irkin' with me you jerkin' with me now  tell your bitch to stop flirting with me
Im  as a man I'm strong as a fan belt, I can't melt
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
I'm making em mumble as I utter
Nigga you beating me is like cuttin' a field of grass with wire cutters
I
Get deeper than Lou Rawls Im breakin em off
Inatead of fuckin' with me you faithful walk in a lion's den with pork chop drawers
I'm ready to graze and blaze pump up the gauge and pick up the pace
I'm more deadly then having safe sex, with a bitch with AIDS
A nigga like myself is bad for your ho health
I fucked that bitch one time and now that ho can't help herself
That shit be kicks and niggas be smokin' in cliques and fuckin'em tricks
I rollin' from that Big Easy
Where the buddha B-yotch? and niggas they rumble, over the least mumbo-jumbo
Standing taller than Mutumbo but talkin more shit than Briant Gumble
That's how we do it when we kick it back on my block
It's pop or get popped
Kill or get killed
Drop or get dropped
And niggas be wondering why they always finding themselves in some dumb shit
Cause I ain't, cause I ain't, cause I ain't that nigga to fuck with bitch)
Uh, uh, hah!
Alright, Mystikal,  Mystikal
Alright nigga, this E four O
Huh, E four O, E four O, huh
Finna get it crankin up in this biatch, what
Finna get it crankin up in this biaiatch
V-Town , New Orleans
Check it out
Thangs fine, in the middle of the street, sirens and violens silence
Muthafuckas play for keeps, violens and diamonds on my grand piano
Turn the channel, lemme see that, gimme that back
Muthafucka fool what's your problem? 
Nigro, why you wanna pull all on the side of my column
Column, shot em shot em, got em, stick em, lose em, stock em
Bitch em, dodge em, block em, stock em, rock em, chop em, scheme em
Plottin plot em, 45 special, 45 special, nigga with the four five realize
I got this monkey on my back, shit be funky that's a fact
Screamin up in them swamps though, pocket fulla twamps though
To stomp ho, totin my pis-tal
Up and down them side streets up in my vehi-cal
Calli still, rally's fell, French Quarters at night
Smoke blunts, get the money, and make shit right
We're smokin weed pipe, niggas stuff it and roll
Just some fools bout they paper, way out of control
Now, here we go
)
Here we go, time to let these niggas know
Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Mystikal, P go get the four door
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh
Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know
Mystikal, Master P go get the four door
A-I-N-T-N-O-L-I-M-I-T
Nigga, we B-O-U-T-I-T-B-O-U-T-I-T
Fonzarelli, gimme the mike
Let me get in they ass
And with the Ice Cream Man we kickin ass
Came way from the project in New Orleans
Where the drug dealers slang and the killers they blast
Pass the grass, gimme the weed, smash the gas, we actin bad
We lookin for the bitches with the pink cookie
We already got the plastic bag
Nah-nah-nah-nah-NAH
Our money don't stop, it multiply
Could this fucker be, P lemme in the pool
Lemme show ya I pull my size
I know some of y'all niggas gon probably
Have a problem with everything we say
Bitch, G-E-T-O-F-F-M-Y-D-I-C-K
Always been the shit, so I'mma be the shit
Fuckin with niggas like E four O and B-Legit
Y'all niggas got a pay to feed the men, we the men
Do it fast or slow, we dressed up straight from a fashion show
Passin hoes, ain't nothing on the wall
In the hall but platinum and gold
I put the dick on the track, and break they back
To the mighty N.O., came fame, when I brought it to the top
Here we go, in this B-I-T-C-H
Chorus
 
Represent, Ughhhhhhhhh!
Ha ha! That's how we gon bubble
No Limit style. Mystikal, nigga
E-Feezy, B-Legit, and Master P
The kisarme. Yeah baby, yeah
Represetin ya heard me. How ya do dat dere
707, 504, we gettin y'all ready for that there
It's a new beginning, a new millenium
No LimitMothafuckin' murderer x2
Murdered my sister
The only thing ?I'm tryin to tell? is to take it to that nigga
Get that mutherfucker what I tell myself
Make that mutherfucka feel what Chell felt
Heavenly father but ?your will? to bring them tears to her eyes
Fuck the fussin and the fights why she have to die
Couldn't ?beleive my baby? to leave away from here so goddamn early
I tried to tell her that nigga was bad news but she ain't heard me
Fact was that she love this bitch
But she found love on the graveyard shift
And how many ? mutherfuckin' quick lift, or spliff, on the fifth
Find my baby sister she ain't deserve that shit
Nigga you couldn't of, nigga you wouldn't
Put your hand on a women, how could it be my sister
Can't say I wouln't miss her
But I wouln't forget cha
Get that bitch for every time he hit ya
He gone pay for what he did ya
MURDER!
Motherfuckin Murderer x3
Possesed that nigga that hurt her
100% black queen self  ?every women?
Nigga you lost your fuckin' life when you took hers from her
You took her from her brothers
And her baby mother from her
But after its said and done your ass gone burn like its summer
Even give a fuck bout a sister?
Sister was your victim
Fuck he said he didi it
What the fuck you mean your being a victim
Fuck him, I'll get 'em
Be that nigga to deal with him
Cut him and split him, reverse that feelin'
Commited ?mutherfuckin? centuries under my ceilin'
The paper said lacerations to her trachea what did the killin'
But thats on my first born to make him my first blood
Nigga you took her from her fuckin' close friends and first cous'
She would probably miss my partner she was cool with
? multiplied by the people she went to school with
Never the less, rest my sweet sister
?I'm about to? handle this buisness
Get that thing and kiss ya picture
Heavenly fatherhe done put me in that water
But I got to get theat bitch for what he did to my momma daughter
Never dreamed he'd be the one to hurt her
She died a bloody murder
MURDER!
Motherfuckin' Murderer x4
Into the tick-tock of the wee hour
Shit started to get sour
She was killed by that fuckin' coward
How could nothin' take so much and
No more was uppin' no more huggin'
But his conciense know the truth so he fucked up and
Her memories was all that was left so to that I'm clutchin'
She was taken out of your reach now you can't touch her
Unfortunatly also taken from us so we gotta sufer
?dabalin'? down to that last supper
Gotta hustle
Feelin' my album shake the devil up
Reconstruct this motherfucka
I never slowed down just throw it down like I know how
Thought I do it like she would have wanted me to do it
I still can't believe I lost her in the worst way
She died wearin' my very first T-shirt on my birthday
Now what the fuck I'm supposed to celebrate
Would have celebrated if I caufgt his ass
But I got in my ?bed? and its too late
Everybody gotta roll they must play
No hollerin' when to pray
But this mutherfucka gotta pay
There will be no reasonable excuse for what you've done
Even ignored him when he started stealin' from me
Cause them was crumbs
A raindrop to a river
Huh, a sinner to a christian
A holler to a whisper
She was the sole reason that I got along wich ya
But I'm a never heal from the scars of what you did to my sister
MURDERER!
Motherfuckin' Murderer x6Chorus: Mystikal
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc
I got my rifle and my
rucksack
. 
Mystikal......
Left, your left
Left, your left, dress it right
Left your left, cover down soldier
Mark time march
Company! 
Atten---hut!
It's strictly representation of the Boot Camp Clicc
Got to find, got you runnin that train!
The M-16, A2, the nine millimeter Beretta, aim!
You better be dressed for wet weather soldier
I get cold as North Dakota
I'ma do whatever whenever to run yo muthafuckin' ass
Back to the border, rock and roll ya'
I control ya' I can hold ya' lock and load
Thirty round clip, flesh gon' rip
Ain't shit a tourniquet can fix, the booby trap is tripped
I drop P's and 203's on you MC's
Rank done hit the room, stand at ease
In danger, but in the Ranger I drank King Cobra's
Out my canteen and smoked Optimos
In the gas chamber, violent, move silent
Five meter interval, single file column
You in my sights you gonna die
You on it tight keep yo head down, eyes right
All you dying on the battlefield struggling for survival
I hope you got your bible
Bitch, I got my rifle
Chorus
I feel like no nigga alive can take me
Handle my business I'm in this to win this
You fuck with the Menace and you will be tasting my tennis
And when I get finished you be needing a dentist
I'm ready to end this niggas defenseless when I be laying that shit down
Hold up, where the fuck you going? Nah nigga don't quit now
Reachin' up under your shirt like you got a strap but you ain't using shit!
Fuck pullin' out guns I'ma start drowning niggas
Like Susan Smith cause youz the bitch
making me believe
You other than a Bitchcock
It's drama time and I'm playin' the role of a black Alfred Hitchcock
B double O-T C-A-M-P better be known
Where the best lay now what the fuck that camp like
I got my Glock locked the fuck down
And I'm still gonna be pullin' a plug
Much love to my niggas that's full of the bud, G-Slimm what up, cuz?
I buzzed off the suds partna' I does what I want to
You tink your pretty C-A-T smart don't you
That first step's a loo-loo and I'm too through
So chill bailin' straight from the five-oh-four
So slow your roll and recognize the real
Chorus
It's a long way from home, can't escape the killin'
Feel ready to kill casket feel for real
Twistin' the night away AK's the weapon
Step into the darkness this nigga be heartless
With the steel feel me as I duck your guts upon a corner
Down for the funk smell the aroma death I'm on ya
Erase your blood stains ghetto train like a pit
Survival kit
marks the beast nigga triple six
Minus one up out the chamber, endangered species
Be me when I'm in anger rearrange your structure
Bustin' at you bustas USA to Russia
Fuck you never trusta' Bitch I'm out that boot camp!
Chorus
Mystikal:
Company  Grrrrrrrr....HOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight!  Hee! 
Forward....MARCH!!!!! 
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left..... Go Left
Left, Left inch Left
Go Left right just right
Go Left, Left double it down go left right left
Left, Left, Left, Left, Left
Black Menace:
Big Rob been chillin'
Black Menace Aaaaahh Aaaaahh Aaaaahh HeeeeeI'M! 
See I'm that nigga that's, fixin' to do my dirt under the sun
I been hustlin' since the morning become
I keep a couple of rocks under my tongue
Watch out here come the cop, might notta stand still where you chill
Run to no automobile cause it can kill
My destination can feed my home purpose
I'm vibrating' on the down low in the first place
You want me show me the money you gonna be payin'
Pop ya ass up out of the van and take these rocks up out my hand
Cause I don't trust ya and I ain't tryin'
Hold up nigga, I don't know ya gotta reach out at the same time
You want some, come get some
Tyson's on the drum and I'MMMMM!
I'M! 
Ya livin', in livin' up in my people's rentin'
Windows tinted, nigga from a couple houses down
Get Skinny, bump it to last amount of spittin'
It's senseless how them dudes be smokin' that shit
Gettin' roped in that shit, jump in this shit
I got to flippin' on nigga, you want some more of that shit
Live in that click where niggas do what they gotta do
Blast em' with burnable fuck em' and watch em' fuck you
Nigga be livin' that life, playin the role of a gangsta
But them niggas ain't gangstas
Bitch you gotta be big enough to think about bein' a fuckin gangsta
Most of them niggas be comin' real
Bring it to ya blood field but that nigga got killed
That's how it be's on that rough side
The tough die, the strong die
Fuck with the wrong niggas on with the wrong chrome
Check the wrong shit, walk the wrong zone
Nigga you good as dead and gone 
Nigga don't hear me that's how we livin' till the saga stops
Every nigga and his mom gotta Glock on my block
Niggas push rocks and dodge cops till they pissed and tired
Nigga, you livin' by the gun
Y'all need to handle y'all fuckin' business cause I'M!
I'M! 
Don't sell it
,
Arm & Hammer got my rocks swellin'
Laws is yellin, prosecutors yellin'
I'mma Glock ya spot, ya head pop like a fuckin' melon
Do my thing destiny I'm a felon
But I ain't just a young, black nigga rebellin'
Breath by breath, step by step, day by day
Playin' this game of death
My nigga remind ya of manslaughter
Niggas slangin' quarters
Georgia, Cali, to New Orleans rollin'
I'm in the pen, pumpin' that iron until I'm swole up
Grits and cheese made me bigger
Now I'm just a lil' bit harder than that next nigga
The first one up to run up
That nigga there gon' get done up
When I put that fuckin' gun up
They told ya, ya hip bone gone gone
That lil' roam don't live long, pop me to stop it
Cock block me, you bitches can't drop me
Hoes gon' still jock me
Got me now the niggas mock me
I seen Scarface twice now I'm a fuckin' carbon copy
Missing on society
And insane probably cause I'm full of animosity
I'm kind of like at all
I might huff and puff and blow ya fuckin' hat off
Tear it off, swear it off
Now get the
411 to 911 to Red Cross
My moaning make me lead
Ten steps to feel these
Got me cocked these
Swingin' like Conan
Wanted from no man with boo-koo ho fans
Talk more garbage, funk, filth, shit, trash, and lies
Rhymes so funky they draw flies
If I rock one up, shock one up
It simple enough to be did
But your shit terror rig
Change your big
Niggas be sayin big
Pass the fig, don't give me no fuckin' pig
I don't choose no swine
But eat Popeye's chicken and eat watermelon to the fuckin' rind
Feel the grip of this black chrome
That don't fuckin' rhyme, nigga get ya back broke
Fuckin' with them black folks
I'm  with DJ scratching in backgroundNigga you ain't shit
I woke up this morning dick rock hard
Had to piss so bad, that shit made me say Good Lord!
Dick harder than a armadillo
So I went in the bathroom and drained the lil' fellow
Flush the toilet, washed my hands
Took off my silk shirt,  and silk pajama pants
I was about to meet this bitch in bout an hour 
Brushed my, washed my face, get the soap, grab and towel and jumped my stankin' ass in the shower
Now I'm feelin' better, at least i'm smellin' better
Instead of a combination of pussy and cheddar
I still smelled like last night's fuck
So washed my lips, fingertips, but I can't forget about under the nuts
Blow my nose, wash my toes, then my asshole
Foggin up the mirrors, and wettin' up all my fuckin clothes
Ain't that a bitch?! I'm already running late
 Now I gotta change my outfit
Stepped to the closet and scanned the wardrobe
Seen that silk shirt, Tommy, fuck it, i'll wear that Polo though
Girbauds
and Polo socks
Slipped on them Fila's cause it was too hot to bust the Timbo high tops
I looked in the mirror one last time for kicks
Like I really had to check, like I ain't know I was the shit
Everything was in place
Pearly whites, brown complextion, daily braids and that baby face
Mirror, mirror, wasup, who's the most stuck up
I bet it's that bitch I just fucked that stankin slut
Thats the thought for the day
I'm bouts to cut that ho off  she can't fuck anyways
Now i'm back on my mission
But before I hit the fuckin front door, gots to hit the kitchen
Cause hunger pains are gettin bigger
Man, I ain't ate shit yet 
Dawg, hungrier than three niggas
Grits and oatmeal, no time to cook though
Fuck it i'll grab that left-over cold cut combo
And now the stomach's at ease
I'm bout the jet, but first grab the beeper, the ring, the wallet, and keys
And now i'm ready for the street
Lookin neat, smellin sweet from my teeth to my fuckin feet
I guees it's part of my job 
Being colder then cold, smoother then smooth,
shiver then shive
So if you catch my in the club don't say shit
Sweatin a nigga like Micheal Lawrence Tyler don't pay bitch
Cause I ain't that nigga thats gonna play with ya
Or stay with ya, but i'll damn sure lay with ya
Cause i'm that type of nigga to tell a bitch that I love em quick
Better but not beleive it though  cause I ain't bout shit
That nigga ain't shit
That nigga ain't bout shit
That nigga ain't shit
2xSay, KL
, we gon' lay up there and kick this bitch raw
Ya heard me?
Like some of that old Parkway shit, nigga
Microphone check , check one
Microphone check , check two
Microphone check , check three
Microphone check , check four
What y'all niggas wanna do, how y'all wanna do it?
Check, check, check one
Kick this shit raw
They say, that's the nigga
That's the nigga 
Turn your head towards your ass and say bye bye
From the southside, southside
, puff, ya ya ya
Nothin but the Fi-Yi-Yi
Eardrums snatchin champion
Chief Rhyme Buster
till the day I die
I say I lie
Bitch I'll be fuckin on your grave singin ay la ba
I'm throwed off
I'm two scoops, I'm cuckoo
I crew screw your Froot Loops, poo poo in your Fubu
Yall niggas remember what happened to that mosquito
Tweety tweety MC, sweetie I'll read ya meter
Stop your water turn off your gas cut off your lights
Move you out, cut your grass, watch your kids, fuck your wife
Like a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich I'm good
Mm hmm, like syrup on the biscuit and orange juice puddin'
Come and take me by the hand and walk ya
I'm the thief in the night that slide your draws off ya
Watch where ya steppin I'm a verbal weapon
Bring more pain then when John Wayne came on old westerns
What is the actual fuckin meaning
I come in this bitch, when I leave out this bitch this bitch be leaning
It's been like that since way back
I used to rock 8
track
before I rocked
ADAT
Concepts going stay fat, concerts goin stay packed
Ownership's goin stay black, nigga this is payback
I scraped and scruffed and crawled until I'm established
Now I'm country club livin from the scribble scrabble in
my tablet
Proper proper droppin somethin decent
Yall niggas is as fucked up as Santa Claus for Easter
I'm a keep comin as long as KLC keep drummin
And the only way to stop me is call the people for me
Fuck them people, I'll fuck over you if I have to
That's the nigga, that's that bastard
That's the rapper 
Ghetto fabulous
That's the nigga 
Who dat what they say they can't sell, boy?
They the 3rd ward huh
,
the 12th ward
For yall I rock all of my pauses by heart
Guitars on these boys and get down and go off
All sides get high when they ride to my words
They mine and they high when I'm live in concert
Stop what your thinking
This ain't no show 'less I'm up in it
I don't need nine or ten niggas rappin' with me
I'm independent
, make frontin, stuntin suckers lose thier stomach
They lose their clout, their cool
And after I come in the cut they lose thier woman
Hello, ghetto fabulous!
Big mansions and fine fabrics
Like a man, my money and my pussy come automatic
You don't want no static with a hardcore rhyme fanatic
Full speed head addict, vocabulary acrobatic
That's him, that's that rapper
That's the man, that's the nigga
That's that bastard
That's the nigga
What is the actual fucking meaning?Yo!
Move Faster
WOOH!
Get faster babe!
Move faster!
Get faster babe!
Move faster!
Get faster babe!
Move faster!
Get faster babe!
Move!
I'm comin' like 
Big truck driver
Fast car rider
Hear them horses comin' what you 'cha gon' do?
Get out the way, move, fool! 
He's driven backwards ‘cause my pedal on the floor
When you see me pull over 'cause I think I own the road 
 hold on tight, two hands on the steer wheel sharp left and quick right
I got a cravin' for racin’. I got a Need for Speed them tires burnin' up the pavement
A 150 when I start to slow up
Catch me on the Interstate doin' donuts, WOAH!
Smashing the gas, moving through the city as fast as I can
Got ta play how it go 
Only problem is, watching out
5-0
Smashing the gas, moving through the city as fast as I can 
Ain't got time to play 
Ain't got time for game
I'm headed off to the sunset in the Corvette and how is going down
 flow must fell to come on the ground
Only ride the brakes around a sexy woman 
Cause other than that I’m gunnin' tryna touch 200
I’m in the window hair flyin' like a ....
I zip by you so you only get a glimpse
With all them hundreds of horses what I’m supposed to do
With all this power I supposed to zoom
Drive dirty cut you off if you let me
But money on this sucker you ain’t supposed to catch me
Gotta finish first that’s yeah that’s my steelo
Until my radar detector went off  Slow down Tito!
That's the man! But there ain’t no way you catch me with this
Nitrogen can
The speed's getting out ta hand 
I know you want to stop me, but you ain’t got a chance! 
Cause i'm
Smashing the gas, moving through the city as fast as I can
Got ta play how it go 
Only problem is, watching out 5-0 
Smashing the gas, moving through the city as fast as I can 
Ain't got time to play 
Ain't got time for game
Special edition
Giovanna wheels, baby
26 to 20
EA Sports baby 
Put the seatbelt on
Drive Defensively
Don't drink and drive
You know what I'm saying
Follow the rules of the road, baby
Get faster babe!
It is in the game)
What's up niggas and bitches
It's the muthafuckin kisarme
It's No Limit, Master P
Im'a introduce y'all to the muthafuckin
One of the hardest liuetenants on the tank,
Mystikal
We was all born to be soldiers
See, these evil thoughts
They was scarred into our muthafuckin souls from these wars
The streets, the ghetto, the hood. The ghetto
Chorus: 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!
Ah, ATTEN-HUT!
Muthafuckas don't you move
I got what is takes to make your ass feel 
You don't wanna rest in this parade
No Limit soldiers
throwin grenades!
Strictly, heavy artillery, calm and gunnin
I got your ground troops runnin from INCOMING!
Go, go go go, the fifty caliber
Bout to rip your  vest, split your capita
The niggas be marchin in the land camp
Bitch we ghetto soldiers, the streets is what made us!
No
LBE's
, no
MRE
's
But we kill our enemies,
and drive humvees
!
Chorus 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!
Born, to be, a muthafuckin soldier
The colonel don't play, I'm out that tank
Money in the bank, make niggas think
At ease when we rank, salute cause we scrap
Fools run they trap, soldiers
bust caps
Fools die a million deaths, solider dies once
Put that on my gold teeth, my gat, and my blunt
Candy painted hummer, triple gold D's
We bout it,
eyes hella red gone off green
cause we rowdy
Battle kicked advil, niggas load they carriages
Weapons on the mayor of the cash cause I know character
I'm ready to bust keys, niggas 
Niggas are fuckin, slanging them trees
They gon die in New Orleans
Chorus 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!
I came out the muthafuckin' womb, niggas wanna combat tank
My ghetto antics, my ghetto tactics
I smack quick, stick another gat nigga to your ass and acrobatic
Nigga what? Black, my M-16, is black bitch
I was born to drop phat shit
Punk your ass like a sac bitch
Yeah, I keep a gat bitch  I react quick
Blow them soldiers, told ya, and that's it
But see, I set my shit off like a punt 
We roll, I said we roll like a muthafuckin blunt
See, don't come stunt and don't try to front
I'm Silkk the Shocker, I snatch your ass like a muthafuckin duck
I put on my camoflauge nigga, straight up my fuckin boot
Why would a muthafucka who ain't TRU laugh at old shoot
About face, salute!
Tell I'mma soldier, by the way I talk
Tell I'mma soldier, by the way I march 
I was born to be a soldier!
Chorus 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!
Born to be a motherfucking soldier!
Bringin bags and weed
Lil Fiend live by the soldiers creed
Of broken no seed in the botton pockets of my
fatigues
War fatigues, playing live chess games with the chain
 silhouettes at the gun range, cause I'll be bringing pain
When I'm playing survival games, that's why I sport a vest
But niggas are put to rest, but got them right tatted on my chest
I was best on my recon, started harm and dis
The war from this, is that Fiend was born from this
Scarred from this, so all the armies now go hide
Cause the crime design, was lost in a nine to five
Enemies retire, and the bigger go up, till my gun show up
No Limit soldiers, the world blow up!
Chorus 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!
Assassin, soldier, sniper, murderer
Son of a bitch, arsonist, house burglarer
Been there, done most before the sun rose
We changin clothes, when the po po's chase
Narrow with the bass, got them hoes all in my face
And them fake niggas hate, so I started different ways
And even when I'm dead and gone
My legacy'll live on
Tattoo me on your arm and tell niggas he got his rhyme on
Murder murder kill killin and shit that I spit
For lunatics who be feelin' this shit
Put the gat in my face, I never squeal, nigga keep it real
Pops gave me the game, about the battlefield
We attack like the Men in Black
You react, if you got a gat
I'll never die, camoflauge in my vein
I'll never change in the purple rain
My name manifest pain, I'm a soldier
Chorus 
Bitch, I'm a soldier!
I was born to be a soldier!BEWARE!
The man with the braids done walked in
Mild mannered like Clark Kent
I'm rougher and tougher than dead shark skin
This man gonna be have you flippin' like the blades of a propeller
Evil like Cruella
Five years later I'ma still be hard as a armadillo
Roll like a eighteen wheeler
Shinin' like the slipper of Cinderella
And bad weather
And a capella
This fella
Top seller
Gon' be that way til' I'm old as Mandela
Still gettin' better
Writin' rhymes under pressure
I'm the aggressor, I'm the professor
I'm the nigga that keep his picture on your girlfriend's dresser
Now really
Tell me what you muthafuckas know about gettin' rowdy
Turn your whole Sunday day cloudy
Bitch, I been 'bout it
Now, I kick the rest of you into HASH
Bow, Grasshopper
Bow, to the man
I bet'cha, bet'cha I'm best that I'm better
Letter for letter
Swift as a jet or keep up with the pacesetter
Sparkle like glitter, hard-hitter, hoe go-getter
Side-stepping from no nigga
Whenever you bitches decide you gonna get too big for your britches
Leavin' you stitches
Diggin' in ditches
Sufferin' hickeys, cuts, scrapes, bruises, welts
Don't fuck with the rhymin' black belt
Watch yaself
Boom! Here I go!
Boom! Boom! I know
Y'all niggas can't fuck with the man with two tongues, cuz that's the way I flow
Cuz I can get hot like fire
And you can't put it out, it's like tip-toein' on top of barbed wire
For instance, persistance
No resistance, stay your distance
Is vital to your existance
You leave it to me to show you the way out
I'm never gonna play ya
I'll take your old lady
Even if I took my braids out
And I'm uh, ready, and it looks like all you bitches are rusty
Y'all can't buss me, don't cuss me
Hit'cha, so much muthafuckin' we gone leave this bitch musty
You disgust me, trust me
When Mystikal hits the door
You bitches be screamin' to touch me
I'm the invisible man you can't see me
I'm like an illusion and confusion
I'm abusin', your conclusion, and contusions, from the bruises
Issuin' these muthafuckas with the style that them bitches want
Five-foot-eleven, screamin' and yellin'
I say fuck, shit, got damn
Bitch respect me like a reverend, and...
Congregation say "Amen"
I come through this muthafucka swingin' like a caveman
And just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water
Up jumps the shit-starter
From the rafters
The mornin' after
Since you won't bow to the man
Bow to the master!What the fuck?  Shit..
It's.. HOT!
I'm steamy, sweatin, tossin and turnin
The whole house on fire, and I can't stop it from burnin
The curtains and the walls all indulged in flames
I yell, "Somebody help me!"  But ain't nobody pay em
I try my best to put it out then I said, "Fukkit!"
Break, full speed to the back door, one room away
But the faster and harder I ran it seemed like the longer I took
Prayin, "Please God spare me; I don't wanna cook!"
Knew I that I did done some things that I shouldn't of
I knew I didn't come into Sunday service like I could have
But have mercy for your child, forgive me for my sins
I'm too young to die Lord, get me through this
I gotta get to the back do', gotta get to the kitchen
But they got thick black smoke comin from the kitchen
Shit, all other exits are tossed, what I'ma do?
Stay my ass here and burn or -- RUN THE FUCK THROUGH?
Already havin trouble breathin when I started to cough
But no more time to waste, I cover my face and took off!
Dis-en-dehydrate, I'm gettin tireder
I gotta, keep movin, cause it's gettin HOTTER
And HOTTER, WHOO.. WHOAH, shit!  I'm on fire!
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire! 
Oh shit!  Ain't none of y'all motherfuckers help me out dere?
HELP!!!  Motherfuckers it's me!  HELP!!!
I gotta get out of here!  I've been trapped for over 55 minutes
Looks like I'm finished, this could be a fucked up ending
I done been in some fucked up shit but this the worst I ever been in
"Call them people to me" -- tell them send the fire engine
I hope this ain't my calling y'all cause I ain't ready
I'ma need some alerted emergency units to stand by, paramedics
Runnin through the fire, and I can't turn back
Somethin went {WHOOSH} and everything went black
I can't see, I can't see, I'm BLIND!!
Oh fuck I'm alright I just had my eyes closed the whole time
Oops, shit damn!  But that ain't my stop my shoes from movin
Cause outside, here I am!
I smashed through the back door like a ram
I made it!  I'm still alive!  I'm still the man!
Out the house but still I got fire on my clothes
So I stopped, dropped, and rolled dick rolled
Started goin wild on the ground tryin to get the flames out my shirt
Windmillin in the dirt, but nuttin didn't work!
I heard a {HORN SOUNDS} but that was just a barge
See I live right by the river -- THAT'S IT, WATER!!!
Every step I took made hot footprints in the tar
Runnin over cars to the 12th Ward wall
Get out the way cause everything I touch turn crispy
I'ma be at the riverfront, tell them people come get me!!
C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire! 
Hello?  Somebody get the fuckin fire off me!
HELP!
Sparks like aluminum foil, in the microwave oven
Where them fuckin people?  SOMEBODY DO SOMETHIN!
Can't you see what's hap-pe-nin?
Don't you see the smoke?  Can't you hear the cracklin?
Nobody wanna listen, everybody was scatterin
I grab a nigga he screamed so loud that shit was eardrum shatterin!
I said, "Don't scream Dawg, I need your help, I'm the one on fire!"
He said, "Nigga you 'sposed to be dead, how you still alive?"
He was right -- by now they should be embalming me
But the shit don't seem to be harming me
Damn this must have been a bad dream the whole
?
I
heard them motherfuckin sirens, hollerin
I guess they finally got the people to me, they must have saw me
Huh, cause they was headed right for me
A fireman walked up, and handed me a tape
And said, "You just been put out, the fire went away!"Walking through the mind of Mystikal
No holds barred
Still don't give a fuck about ya'll
I'm still not the nigga to fuck with busta
?? the average nigga don't fuck with me
Fool a nigga in size, ain't much none of ya'll niggas can do with me
Typically speakin, i'm not what your seekin
Now vision the rhymes that I be keepin
I fuck like a mohican, ain't drunk like them demons
I'm quicker then one of those puerto ricans
Get it off your chest
Don't run on my set, i'm breakin your neck
If you gettin upset i'm breakin a sweat
Ya'll niggas ain't ready yet
I'm catching my breath, ya'll niggas ain't findin wind
I'm keepin they momma from tryin again
I done fucked up more niggas then Henikken
Fuck, i'm cute as a puppy, you smart as a guppy
Now how you gonna fuck me, that bitch get lucky she fucked me
And now that hoe can't stop thinkin of me
I'm thinkin of much wealth, come tell ya how gettin fucked felt
Ask them niggas that know me now
Even them bitches will tell you i'm somthin else
Bitches, they like my good looks
But niggas can't stand that right hook
They might look but they stay put
I done stomped more niggas than Big Foot
What I mean is i'm grand, you can't fuck with this peacan man
You don't know who i'am, you goin too fast, slow down Tito, damn
Nigga go ring the alarm
I came in this bitch, and i'm in the swarm
My niggas are already armed
Were turnin this bitch into Vietnam
Nigga go ring the alarm
I came in this bitch, and i'm in the swarm
My niggas are already armed
Were turnin this bitch into Desert Storm
I stick to the left like a thumb tack
I hum that to the drum track
No wives, tote no knifes
Bitch i'm sharper then a pair of Filas
See i'm humble, you fuckin 'em right, i'm makin 'em mumble
Don't stumble, hoe I ??? the seen it for your fuckin gumbo
When a homie compare me, but spare me i'm a rap figure
Please never don't dare me, bitch I barely kept an ? nigga
I run with the real niggas, they kill, they them ill niggas
You best to chill niggas
I don't fuck with them run-of-the-mill niggas
Here's what you gonna feel nigga:
Heavy pressure from both sides, as the brain collides
I'm tellin them lip lies, I hang with hip guys
I split thighs, bitch don't ask me for shit
You get nothin, no tighter then grip ?
Fuck nigga, don't bother me and try to be, and tired of me
Walkin out the hood with more bitches number then lottery
Look, I like fuckin around, but I ain't fuckin with no fuckery
Luckily, none of you niggas in here ain't cold enough to fuck with me
Fuck niggas can't touch that, no ??, get the fuck back
Fore you find yourself achin from you ass crack to your nut sack
I run these hoe brand niggas from the back of the map
To the front of China
Just when you thought it was safe to back in the water
I'm right behind ya
We as one must combine to never be stopped nann man
Novice, servants, fiendins, demons, devils
Griffins, goons, raidin rebels
Women, wizards, warlocks, witches
Punk fags like bitches
Gold, platnium, silver, copper
Any kind of pussy popper gets wopped or chopped
When Mystikal hits that door, now watch
Nigga want a big cock, get popped like Hitchcock
When I rib shot, when I hip hop, that zip lock thats thick knot
Ohh, it's goin though me, got me struttin
When E.F. Hutton talks everybody listens
Chorus 2xSince I'm so fucking bad
Give me mine
Get yours
Ooooh...
I woke up this morning
Rocked up
Humping on the matress
Hard like I was fuckin
I realized I was dreaming
Then I got up
I hit the Vick's inhaler
'cuz my nose was stuffed up
From the bed to the floor
To the bathroom to the sink
From the mirror to the toilet
Took a piss then shook the shank
Oops, dont look know I think I sprinkled when I tinkled
So, I did what the sign said, "be a sweetie, wipe the seatie"
Cocoa powder, bubble-bath, and rubbing alcohol
For 5 fuckin cent that you could buy at the mall
I'm a long distance super-power, pussy-magnet
I was born in the ghetto, made by the ghetto
So fabulous!
Ghetto fabulous - living like this
I'm so happy, yeah!
'cuz I'm ghetto fabulous 
Yeah I feel what you're saying, Dog
But, uhh, you could let these fools know how hard it is
When a nigga ghetto fabulous, know what I'm saying?
Let's kick that shit!
It's like a big rush with no time
Niggas be like "whyyyyy"
Kids be like "let me get your autograph"
Bitches be like "ahhhh!"
Ever since I said "here I go"
Braids or not y'all
They know me wherever I go
I'm real private
The windows tinted, doors locked
They'll crowd you, make a scene
"Ain't you Mystikal?"
"No, I'm not."
Lie to a die hard fan with a straight face
And let the hour long picture signing session take place
Sign, hey, baby, how you doing?
What's your name?
Stay real, stay sweet
Stay sexy, stay the same
And never forget
I'm never going to change
I'm loving what I'm doing
And you can put that on your game
I got my piece of pie and my piece of mind
Fool, I'm a piece of coal
Don't crowd me, people, let me shine
I know you see me on t.v
With Snoop, Fiend, Mia, C, Silkk, Serv, and Petey
Nigga we run these street-ies
But livin' like this ain't easy
It's fabulous!
I'm so fucking bad
See, that's a cutie with her big booty
And her big body
Her and her big fine posse
Take their ??? and take their vitamins
Be ordering drinks all down at the bar
We don't got to buy
Just work that halter top
And work them tight bell bottoms
Ohhh, you acting funny and trying to holla
She project Tyra Banks
The neighborhood super-model
She shaped like a coke bottle
Hair whipping smelling good
Finger nails and her toes polished
She get it how she live
Cause she got to have it
First drop them fucking kids by they baby's daddy
Her ass ain't never what she should have been
Go ahead on and act bad, I'll see ya when I get a hit
See, she was so fucking badMmm! Mmm, mmm, mmm
Oooh-OOOH!
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast
I came here with the mic in my hand
Don't make me leave here with my foot in yo' - be cool
And don't worry about how I'm ripping this
When I'm flipping what I'm kicking, that's just what I do
I'm effervescent and I'm off that crescent
Nastier than a full grown German Shepherd; you better keep stepping
They don't mess with me and they don't
Y'all can't catch me and they won't
Pay your fare, fix your hair, throw that
Got a Prada for my boot knockers, and Donna for my babooski
You think I'm tricking? Well, I ain't trippin'
I'm buying if you got nice curves for your iceberg
Drinking Henn and acting like it do something to me
Hope this indecent proposal make you do something with me
Forget a dollar, girl, pick up fifty, mmm
Forget that coward, girl, you need a real
Off top the knick-a-boxers hurting me
Bend over, girl, show me what you're working with
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
But shake it fast, but watch yourself
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams,
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps (
Shake it fast
)
Right now in the place to be
I thought I told y'all dudes before
Y'all dudes can't mess with me (
Watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir 'cause that won't pass (
Show me what you're working with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake it fast
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
But shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
I like my women fire like CAY-ENNE!!
Chocolate and bowlegged - when I'm runnin' up behind her
Go 'head do your job, pop the lock, let the
For real, girl, don't lie, you know you wanna go back to my house
"The Man Right Chea" wanna get under that dress right there
You spicy cajun we gon' a good time over there
You better suck the head on them there crawfish
And you gotta bend all the way over to dance off this
Handle your business but I know you do it way better, you dead wrong
So if you talking 'bout it and they make noise when you pass by, girl
Get your fine self on the floor, this your song
Do your thing don't be scurred, 'cause you gon' get served
You get mine then you gon' get yours
'Bout to make you love it
Raise it up, show the G-string, hustle, hustle
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams,
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps (
Shake it fast
)
Right now in the place to be
I thought I told y'all dudes before
Y'all dudes can't mess with me (
Watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir 'cause that won't pass (
Show me what you're working with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake it fast
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
But shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
Stop your cryin', heifer, I don't need all that
I got a job for you - the braided up pimp is back
Break them handcuffs, forget your man, move something
And if they ask you what you doing say, "Ooohh nuttin"
And we been doing for the past 2 something
And I've been beating the stuffing up, not smooth loving
You can bet your bottom dollar, if it's fire
You gon' holla Michael Tyler
So don't act like you don't be backing that stuff up
Get your girl in the club, 'cause that's what you got back for
Wobble wobble, I'm infatuated
The girl work that thing like she making a baby
And I see that we gon' have to go to a quiet corner for just us two and
Don't worry about who looking, just keep on doing what you doing
'Cause a brother like me gon' get to work before I know the girl
Trick, what's happening? Let 'em see, show the world
[Bridge: Pharrell Williams,
Mystikal
]
Attention all y'all players and pimps (
Shake it fast
)
Right now in the place to be
I thought I told y'all dudes before
Y'all dudes can't mess with me (
Watch yourself
)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir 'cause that won't pass (
Show me what you're working with
)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake it fast
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
But shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
Shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
But shake it fast, but watch yourself
Shake it fast, show me what you're working with
OOOH-OOOH! Good lawd!
You working with something
Hmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, wooListen!...Listen!...huh...Listen!
God forgive me but you can't do shit no mo'
The water ain't no good, the grass don't grow
Never mention schools ain't safe no mo'
Killing in the 1st grade six years old
Ask yo self this, In what kind of world is that to raise yo children
Then again it really don't matter, where you gone go
You still gotta live it
Let's face reality, stop talking bout peace that's a thing of the past
But then again that's a bald face lie
Cause a few years ago you was hanging my ass
??? no presidents, sometimes the whole world just pressed up against me
Think about it, young black man, come up set up for penitentary
Do the math, all on you, choose yo path,be a leader, pray for strength
Know when to cap and when to blast
Get back on track, we damn near got past crack, then every dope dealer got
Snatched back
But we already black on black, that's sad
Is it really in our nature what make it so bad
But I ain't no better then the rest of ya'll
Plus I came up in a house wit out no dad
I knew that you left, you didn't won't to
But that how it is, Lord help us, You know what we going through
Hook:
It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands
That's why I'm praying to God
Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water
It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters
We struggling trying to get it together
But some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see
Tommorrow
I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow
Somebody tell me what you get in a relationship
With nothing but silence, silence
We ain't married so we can't get divorced
So the only thing left is domesticated violence
When a man uses a woman to take out his problems
He abuses that woman, then man must recognize this and stop it
We got two kids and you pregnant again so how can we profit
That's BULLSHIT! That ain't no reason to pull her arm out the socket
Baby I'm so sorry, you know that I luv you and didn't wanna hurt you
When I put my hands on ya, I was wrong so I don't deserve ya
I never thought I'd see the day
I'd be a witness when they describe a nigga on the t.v
Now my sister flipping in the grave
Cause that's a how she died and I know this can't be me
Lord help her forgive me, God give me my purpose
Jesus break this chains, you know this a viscous circle
But I got my trust in you
I know there will be light at the end of the tunnel
I done been in many situations, she was there each and everyone of 'em
Keep me humble
I wanna take time out write down and thank ya, thank ya
Trying to make it wit out you is something we can't do
Hook:
It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands
That's why I'm praying to God
Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water
It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters
We struggling trying to get us together
But some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see
Tommorrow
I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow
Lord tell them you difference
Between having eternal life or forever burn, burn
Lord tell em you was wit me when I had my accident
And my truck started flipping and turnin'
When it felt like I was dying from the moment of impact
We rolled ten times
I was driving my best, that fool came on my side of the line
But when the truck did finally stop moving I was just fine
My little brother that was on the passenger must of got hurt
Cause he was unconscious
We done had our tradegy's
We was just talking so this can't be happenin'
But before I could say anything else
I saw the helicopter and the ambulance
My little brother came back through, first thing he said was
"What is going on"
But the next thing he said was
"Watch over me lord and keep me strong"
And right then and there, I knew every thing was gone be alright
But we ain't promised nothing
So thank you my lord for saving his life
Hook: 2x until fade
It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands
That's why I'm praying to God
Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water
It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters
We struggling trying to get it together
But some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see
Tommorrow
I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrowWhy.., why why why why
'Cause I keep bangin' y'all mother-fuckin ass, with this shit
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to lose step, too jive to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
I'm too hip to trip, I do it to 'em like this
I wan't-a load it up, cock back don't miss
Y'all ain't goin' believe this
Got the preacher's wife talkin' bout rock that shit!
All they do is say the mans name
You watch how many bitches start comin', it's a damn shame
They know I got the wood for 'em
If they in the hotel room and get the dick, that's good for 'em
Big pussy and a soft behind, bitch I got to get'cha, mm-hm, uh-huh..
Tell me what you goin' do
If you got your friends with you, you could bring them ho's too
Come here turn around, let me get behind you
Oooh suck it for me baby, I ain't goin' tell no body
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to lose a step, too jive to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
I'm too hip to trip
When I'm here they got to have it
White lines so live they jump off the cabinet
It's Micheal Tyler not Black Sabbath
It's springin' hunter so watch out for the cat parrot
I'm a whole and kaniver, the hot enchilada, Big Truck driver
Hittin' hookers is a side hobby
Tuckin' guts stackin' paper from my lyrics is my real job
Got my figures and my shit tight
Got another album and contract bitch get right
Form a crowd like a fist fight
Take my time with it if it takes me sun-up to midnight
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to lose a step, too jive to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
I'm too hip to trip
I'm too manish to try to handle 
I'm too bad and too loaded for you to hold it 
Too tight to out-write , too strong to out-song, too much to out-bust 
Loud talk shit and cuss
Foul-dog rimp and buck wild talk spit  and crush
Bring paper towels and toilet tissue, start your engine set the table
Clean your plate and wash the dishes
Can I please get a Source cover?!
And if they don't give me my Grammy, feel so sorry for your mother
And after I'm goin' get Jive
I done bust my ass, y'all ain't do y'all job
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to lose a step, too jive to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
If it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide
I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old
I'm too hip to tripCallin all cars, callin all cars
Be on the look out for a pussy vandal. Over
A pussy bandit
Suspect is known in many states for dickin yo woman. Over
He is dangerous, be on the look out
I knock the muthafuckin pussy off the hook
Huh, I take the face off the rapper fuckin with the punch master
The tight line sharp shooter, the handsome assassin
Cuss word expert
You don't know nothing bout this
Come on mamma and get cha something braid it up pimpin
I make a shy cryin bitch start swimming
Take it off Put cha legs up, see if I can touch the kitty
Fuck it fuck it suck it 200 dollars, bitch that ain't nothing   
Show me what cha working wit
But if ya pussy smellin shrimpy Ho, get yo fuckin shirt and shit
Somebody better stop her, she runnin round this bitch ha pussy smellin like Red Lobster
That's the type of Bitch ya don't touch
Some hoes you can look at but the rest don't Fuck!
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out 
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out 
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
Somebody tell me the woman complaining talking bout I'm too sexual
But leave me alone with her, betcha I could sex the ho
Fuck you like I ate my vegetables
Knock it down for an hour and a half and still got dick left the door
The MAN RIGHT CHEA!!!!
Fuck you on the floor and still shake the chandelier
I got it caught again somewhere
Stop that fuckin runnin and bring that ass over here
Bitch touch yo toes
Touch that wall
Work that pole
What you doin after 2 AM? In the Horetel
Gotta give ya whatcha came for
Waste hittin wash it off then face hittin manojetwas I stay getting
If you can't work it then don't flirt
If you got them little bitty titties don't raise yo shirt
I sort em out and some ain't stayin
Take them fuckin thongs off Don't here wit no plan
I cut cha up when I'm climmin on ya
Throw it at cha like I'm a phenomenon
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out 
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out 
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
What the fuck you mean yo period done you can't gimme no lovin?
Shit, it's time for Funky fire boo hole pluggin
She said "I never done that stuff"
I said " Well let me talk you through it, get the KY jelly"
Put a hump in yo back baby quit movin yo leg get loose and relax lady
She was actin all timid
But the next thing you know she was humpin back wit me
I was all the way up in that ass
I was hard like a horse she still wanted to do it fast
2 hours and no part still talking bout "DON'T STOP OHHH LORD"
Hook: 
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out (thas right
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
Dick don't fail me now 
I knock the coochie lining out 
If I hit it one time ya hooked 
They call me the pussy crook 
Callin all cars, callin all cars
Suspect last seen headed east on I-10 toward New Orleans. Over
Be advised he is armed with dick, and striking good looks. Over
The suspect is in a Big Truck
Excursion
or
Escalade
or something
Shit he is in a big truck
Be on the look out
Leave all pussy inside
Gimmie this motherfuckin money. Yall motherfuckers ain't go never catch me
The only thing yall gone catch is this DICK!! You motherfucker
This a motherfuckin nother KLC SMASH!!
You motherfucker
Mystikal, Medicine Men, Big Truck, nigga. OverWhaaa, wassup nigga?
This for my niggas in them Big Trucks
This for all my niggas in them SUV's, you heard me?
This for my Big Truck Drivers, look nigga blow yo' Big Truck Horn
You still could see me in my Big Truck boy
Smilin' like a lil' kid when I spin the corner with my brand new toy
I got 'em parkin they cars, talkin 'bout
They wish I never would've came out the garage
But, I guess that's too bad
Cause your truck used to be the shit until they saw mine pass
Strobe lights flash, solar baric *boom boom*
Big feet ten runnin' while they *vroom vroom*
Another SUV can't do nothin' wit' me
I'm on 23's so 22's ain't fuckin' with me
Car so big it make it hard to turn the wheel
I can't watch the T.V.'s from the steering wheel
Shit, plush stronger than the buckskin ceiling
Chocolate tan interior billet big truck grill
Yeah, that's how you do that there
Got bling and bass, everything clean but the ashtray
 
I'm lookin' at you behind the wheel
Singin' this song 
In the big ol' truck, with the big ol' grill
Rollin' on big ol' chrome 
And you know when you pass those small trucks you doin' them wrong
(This is for my riders Big Truck Drivers
Even on a bad day everything clean but the ash-tray)
Dark lights with brights, the dark windows
With the pistols in the hot spots fuckin' well right
So when you bitches try to act hype
I get the gat get the gat cause niggas don't fight
When you get to Ruby Tuesday's then make a right at the light
And you might catch my rims will-millin' 'round night light
I played a Jag' 'round
Raggs
, and now Excursion and Escalade 'round Upscale
The Range Rover don't even get used
Til' it's time for Rhythm City or either House of Blues
My niggas wit' me at your seat to pick my friends up
My brother Reece in a motherfuckin Benz truck
Fresh wax don't need no buffin'
Just call a homie where I'm at, West Coast Custom
Put it on a trailer and ain't no rushin'
Cause when I get it back y'all ride can't touch it
Ain't no slack in my mack, rollin' slow the windows down
They recognize me so you know how they act
Cuttin' up fallin' out tryin' to flirt and get nasty
Raisin' shirt showin' titties talkin' 'bout autohgraphs
I try my best to keep my fans happy
I sign my name I grab the nipple they pull off and start laughin'
Then it's back through the hood, tryin' to find somethin' good
And after that I'm on my way to Baton Rouge
I knew that I'm on course at all time
And I love grindin' like alcoholics love sweet premium wine
2002 and you dodgin' me now
Big Truck gonna come up ain't no holdin' us down
Grab eyes, turn heads, stop traffic
My black Big Truck half match my Big Truck jacket
Do shows and get paid when I travel stay busy it be gone
Now this a Big Truck Driver
I'm a Big Truck Driver, I'm a Big Truck Driver
This is for my riders Big Truck Drivers
Even on a bad day everything clean but the ash-trayWuz up yall, wuz up soldiers?  This M-P, The Colonel
We ain't no rookies at makin records
Mystikal, Silkk
Together, Oh yeah.  It's time to pass out the stripes
Hah Bra
I told you there wasn't no limit
I told ya like I told him
Like I mean what I say what I say is what I mean
I talk mo shit than Muhammed Ali
In a situation about makin my green
First impression nigga back down
Fuck they can't stand up next to me
Competition bring out the best in me
Shit you talkin deader than Elvis Presley
I'm tryin to blow out bigger than the jaws of Dizzy Gillespie
Nigga the nigga won't let me
That's why when I get my shit I snipe like Wesley
You fuckin wit my right on what you been missin in this picture
Style funkin than a big pot of chitilins in yo kitchen
Some slang in yo shit ain't hittin Like I used the sound before
Listen to yo punk ass diamond sherm like what the fuck I'm around here for rough lines and hard rhymes
Consider me an asset
Slow down cause I got some more rhyme ambush ya ass set
Nigga that's how it is and I'ma make sure it stay that way
I did what they thought that I wasn't gonna do
And said what they thought that I wasn't gonna say
You know when I'm cookin
Cause you can smell it
To a buckshot from a pellet
Here I Go! I'm here to tell it
Here to tell it
Stomp this motherfucker like elephant
Spray you bitches like apes
Fly by you bitches like pelicans
Put a crack in yo exo-skeleton
Shake this bitch like a bowl of gelatin
We soldiers no limit soldiers ugh there ain't no limit
Acceptin you can deliver title material
Somethin got your mind all blocked up
I be sexually exited when I'm writin'
I'm rocked up Oh Creative valves been unclogged up
I keep my elbow in your back To keep yo ass cocked up
Ain't no fuckin wit me Ain't no fuckin wit shit I did
26 and been through it, Tellin it like it is
Comin up with tight shit To make your girlfriend love me
Hunt me like playin rugby, Been a star since smokin puffies
And I'm that type of nigga that come thru this bitch
Now I stay down like it ain't nothin, My position is not up for grabs
My title is not for uppin
Seem like I can take a little bit more that what you put out to harm me Gotta continue to line my style to take
Formin a fort  I writes em line for line
Take my time till the shit is all tight
Focusing mind For most definitive could take all night
All right Fuckin right Unlike nobody else
I'm a one man show, Like havin sex with yourself
You know how we kick it
You know what we do
All opportunities
And all unlimit
No matter if its good
Its gotta be tru
Mix mastered and marked
Somebody sell it
Fuck wit a no limit nigga over there talkin bout
Bitch I'm here to tell it
All aboard, put your coat on boy
Cause its about to get real fuckin chilly
Smoke yo ass like a philly
Fix yo face
Why you lookin all silly
Uh I stay muggin
Or should I say stay thuggin 
I ain't lettin shit pass NO!
I'm whoopin yo ass down the boat
Trick I'm the illest
Shouts say fuckin thriller
Mystikal and Silkk tha Shocker
Is how we met like King Kong Godzilla
Two of the baddest niggas on one track
How many of yall see some of that
None
Well in this rap game it don't matter
We run that!
Master P, Silkk, Mystikal
Like Earth, Wind, and Fire
Yall busters better retire
Put chall mouthful under the wire
It ain't no limit to our biz
Monopolize, capitalize our share
Makin rhetoric comin thru shit we done did
Cause I lay laws down like the mayor do
Boy look I'm buck wild
Plus I got mo styles than a hairdo 
I play my enemies and foes like checkers
Keep those in section  
Broke like some records
No limit play it
Yall better hear it
You a bad mutha 
I was only talkin bout yo lyrics
I hang with ballers and gangstas
Step back for a second
And watch these soldiers on tanks
Roll By!
Entrepreneurs n Tycoons
If yall doubt it
Yall better not say it cause I been known to get down and dirty
Or should I say I'm just Bout it Bout it
T-R-U
Yall spell it
It ain't no limit to this boy
And I'm here to tell it
There ain't no limit
Where you at Mystikal!
HERE I GO!
Told ya shut ya mouth two of the baddest, ain't no limit
Silkk that shocker, and Mystikal, Ice Cream Man, audi 5000 TRU
Represent yall can't fade us
Shut ya mouth no doubt
We just bout it bout it
Let it all outMUTHAFUCKIN' MURDERER!!!!!!
BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!
BITCH I'M BOUT TO GET MY PISTOL!!!!
Know that I'm comin' and I gotta get him
And I gotta kill him
And cease all his stupid shit
And walk with this venomous shit cuz she's 'sposed to be there for me
SIX YEARS, STILL TEARS!!!!
I know it's gonna be that way
Until the day that your grave is filled up
I still can't forget'cha, cuz all you did is spilled blood
Bitch that was my only sister, YOU CAN'T JUST KILL HER!!!
DON'T THAT FUCK WITH YOU???   CAN'T YOU FEEL HER?
THAT'S WHAT THE FUCK SHE GET FOR GIVIN' YOU HER REAL LOVE????
I tried to play cool, and mind my business, and stay out it
I was supposed to be all in, when it comes to your family SHARE YOUR
PROBLEMS!!!!
I just wish I would've knew then what I know now
I just WISH I COULD'VE WOKE UP BEFORE IT WENT DOWN!!!!!
Now I'm sayin' "DAMN!!!!!"
Wake up hollerin' "DAMN!!!!!!!"
Wait until I get that muthafucka, AND I AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chorus :
MURDER MURDER MURDER
MURDER MURDER MURDER 
Murderer.......
Murderer.......
Noooooooow, why?
Would you come to my house, tell the truth
Then turn around and be bout LYIN'????
Muthafucka in that water, I know you didn't want your son to ROT!!!!!
So if you gone support him
Then you can jump up in the skillet with him and FRY!!!!
BITCH!!!!!  MY GOD DAMN SISTER USED TO CALL YOU MAMA!!!!!
AND THIS IS HOW YOU HONOR HER???????
I'm furious, and to her I say MURDERER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Her loyalty, and her love, YOU DESERTED HER!!!!!!!!!!!!
Changed the whole story, and got on the evening news and shined
The bitch start actin', got on the witness stand and start cryin'
Now who the fuck you think you foolin'?  Or convincin'?
IT MUST BE YOUR FUCKIN' SELF!!!!!
It hurt me so bad, to avoid doin' somethin' crazy
I had to write this shit down on paper
AND SHOW YOU WHAT THE FUCK I FELT!!!!!
You disgrace me, it's a show of shame
You saw that look in my sister face, she died in PAIN!!!!
Chorus
Thou shalt not kill
Bitch I can remember finishin' the argument
That y'all was havin' over automobiles
Thou shalt not lie
I know what you did, I'm comin' to get'cha, YOU CANNOT LIVE!!!!!
Look, you sleep forever is the fuckin' price
Shit, a throat for a throat, a life for a life
FUCK MY FEELINGS, you owe that to my family and her son
My children auntie ain't there
Fuckin' well right I got a grudge
On your Ma, and her lawyer, and the courts
And the jurors, and the judge
Defenses, your immediate family members
I'm pissin' on it and burnin' the distict attorney
You stepped down on us
Shipped that coward out his fuckin' cell and let him skip town on us
Just like that
And I guess I'm 'sposed to let that shit go down, ha?  Just like that?
I'm makin' it happen to these actors
My screwdriver, and my telephone bar, and my black hat on backwards
Takin' your boyfriend, that's how it end
But until then, I'M LIVIN' FOR REVENGE
Chorus :
MURDER MURDER MURDER
MURDER MURDER MURDER 
Murderer.......
Murderer.......
MURDER MURDER MURDER
MURDER MURDER MURDER 
Murderer.......
Murderer.......
MURDERER!!!!!!!!!
BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!
MURDERER!!!!!!!!!!
BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!
BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!
.....WHAT I TELL MYSELF!!!!!!!!!!!
Murderer....
Murderer....I was at the mall, and this girl passed me by
So I like her booty she said hey boy
That's when I made my move
I jammed up and jammed re-over there by the baby shoe
I said you got a chiled huh
She said yeah he live in Bogaluga out there by my momma
Give me yo' number and I hit you when I make it home
And after I take a bath I'll catch up wit'chu later on
That's exactly what I did
We went to the movies got some eatin' back to the crib
Being a man you know I'm thinkin' about hittin' somethin'
She said this you nice but this the first date you ain't gettin' nothin'
That's alright cause I respect your mind
It ain't no rush cause I'mma get you next time
We ain't got no beef, we ain't got no quarrel
You likin' me tonight, but you gone lovin' me tomorrow
I said go 'head, go 'head and move it baby
You've got 'em watchin', go 'head and do it honey
You've got 'em comin' now, you've got me watchin' baby
So don't you stop it baby, you got me so..
Must be my baby cause I seen her everyday this week
And when we made love you know we went meat to meat
I think I'm headed for a Love Jones
This one hear supposed to be a jam not a love song
Girl you got me humpin' and don't ask me what I'm doin'
Cause I'm thinkin' 'bout my pumpin'
They call her pumpkin' cause she workin' with somethin'
I call her bia' cause she carryin' my youngin'
I made her Cavalier a Navigator, and put baby momma on a Jaguar bling
I for you and me for me
She built like a stripper I don't need to cheat
And when it's late she's always inside
Under the cover behind her cuddled up wit' her
And since we met you been the love of my life
We ain't married but we call eachother husband and wife
We always home and all we do is laugh together
Even watchin' T.V. takin' baths together
Went through the sunny and the nasty weather
My feelin' short so I ain't have to tell ya'
And I would never try and use you
I care too much to hurt you, and need you too much to lose you
We have mo' babies than my cousin' Weebie
I'm goin' be yo' King Tut you goin' be my Nefa Teenie
Tell me what you say to that
I be coming home from work sayin' where my ol' lady at
And you come runnin' from the back room
And you know how much I love to see you when you wear a cat suit
Now give me what I want want
I say where them trishes at I took 'em by the mall mall
You make me feel like a man, cause you can't get enough
Girl you got it you got it bad
 
I said go 'head, 
You've got 'em watchin'
You've got 'em comin' now 
So don't you stop it baby Whatcha gone do, Whatcha gone do nigga huh?
There He Go, There He Go, There He Go
 7X's
If you gone be down be down stay down
Get the fuck from round me
Nigga let me know if you got some type of fuckin' problem
We can solve it, wash it up and dissolve it
Up the pistol lay it down on the carpet
I ain't come here for no fuckery don't fuck with me
Niggas sly be ducking like PAC cause I'm a hoodlum like Skull Duggery
You can't get enough of me
Don't worry bout the pain bitch cause you gone die sudden
They be playin TAPS for yo ass at reveille
You ain't gone need no "do not disturb" cause you gone sleep heavenly
I'm reminess bout my baby, then I wipe my tear
Plottin revenge on one of these bitch ass nigga out chea
I done lost it; I done surpassed mad
I can't keep still cause my nerves are bad
I punch the brick wall with my balled up fist
I know I can't rest till I CATCH THAT BITCH!!!
There He Go, There He Go, There He Go
 8x's
There He Go, There He Go Wit his ol' lady
Deck out hands down back turned like its all gravy
Why nigga now BYE BYE nigga took a long
But i got that nigga fine
And yall gon have to forgive me
This Nigga here can cancel New Years
Cause he ain't even much gone live to see Christmas
Wrong! Wrong!!
Nigga get yah issue
I was beatin up his kidney with this motherfuckin 50
A job well done make dick get hard
I bagged that bitch with the pistol then I walked the fuck off
Huh.  What goes around comes around my nigga
So why I'm still here I'mma hold down my nigga
This for the Gangstas and Killas, Drug Dealers and Wig Splitters
This for my niggas Locked down and all the niggas that feel us
This for the Projects and Ghettos with the scatter sight
And every street nigga thats duckin' them flash lights
There He Go, There He Go, There He Go
 8x's
Hum yah ahh this Guilotine bitch
Father Foolishness I'm still here what about yo self?
You still runnin' nigga.  Cause we lookin for yah
Bitch you must believe that a nigga lookin' for yah
So keep Runnin, cause we still comin' as long as you runnin'
We gone make money so fuck everything you stand for nigga
Father foolishnessPoof, oh no not you, fuckin right bitch
Uhh, what uhh poof, fuck, jump round jump
C'mon jump, jump, jump round, jump jump
I ain't got no mo ass left BITCH I rapped it off
You just ain't gonna have no more head after I snatch it off
What in the fuck is you thinkin?
You can't do shit if you stankin!!!
Keep on thankin if I say it then it's done
I give a fuck what you bringin
Cuz my dick still gon' be swingin
You here those fuckin choppers cuttin niggas, run nigga!!!
Hike nigga, hut one, nigga want some?!
Ain't nuttin to fuck ya up, representin where I come from
Fronts and brown blunts, you oughta get down some
Recognize a fuckin killa when you be around 'em
Valiums and speed but we don't do weed
Steroids and alcohol, still a fuckin athlete
Cock strong with my jock strap on with the time clock
Bout to run the rock home
Yo' ace boom coon in the hole in the clutch
In the pocket on the field, without gettin touched!!!!
Uh oh here I come, here I go,uh oh, jump round jump!!!
Watcha wanna do?!
Watcha gonna do?!
Let me know girl, jump, jump!!!
You get tackled by the style I'm usin
I got all of my adversaries cruisin for a brusin with contusions
Cuts and lacerations, broken bones, and open sores
Ripped spleens, sprained ankles, and broken nose
I'mma bust the microphones I rip on
I step on the stage and get my grip on
That's when you get stiff armed
It's on and I'm the shit homes!!!!
I fucked around and lost count of bitches I put the dick on
My alter-ego and its cool when I talk to P
They fuckin call me the home-town hero
I'm the center of attention, topic of the discussion
It's understood they already know without me sayin nothin
It's been like that since these niggas been down here wearin badges
I'm off the heezy, I'm the reason for this pimp rap!!
So stuck on myself sometimes it's like I ain't got no mind
I say fuck it dawg and go for the crowd like the goal line!!
Nigga you just like ten yards, always the first down
Be the first motherfucker off the bus but be the last nigga to clown
Ol' sometime ass nigga ol' fake regular regular
Everyday common-ass no drama-ass nigga
I keep these niggas sippin on super
dick
and advil
Punishin they motherfuckin ass and keepin it dat real
Ain't nothin you can do to keep a nigga off the score board
It's fourth and four - FUCKIN RIGHT I'm GOIN FORWARD!
Jump, round, jump
Jump, Jump
Jump, round, jump
Watcha wanna do?!
Watcha gonna do?!
LET ME KNOW GIRL, JUMP, JUMP!!!Yes, oh take me back
Oh take me back
Ohh Ohh Ohh
*Verse 1*
Oh now it's been a while since last we caught up
Oh collaborate about old times and those schemes that we thought up
Oh laughed about our mums, wooden spoons, hitting us
Coco brown boys 
Funny ha just to recollect oh reminisce back then when we were kids
My man, we got history running deep beneath the physcial
Connected together, never rollin as individuals
Though time seperate the flesh
The spirits ain't departed, we still getting started progressing
To catch the wreck
Respect remains mutual, no speech ever need to be spoken
Disconnected affliation kat you must be joking
It ain't even like we out growing each other
Ever since birth we were placed upon this earth as brothers
Well I know we said boys up hoes down
Corse things gon change when the one is found
Backseat to L O V E its all good know that we
Keep it tight for real for life
No matter what communicate for sure
Even through the strife
Yo, I'ma be there for you
You gon be there for me
Keep connections tight like family
*Chorus*
Now bro I be there for you, you hold tight and I'll keep it true 
In those times of need I'm there indeed
Brother see you don't even have to speak
For real uso I'll be there for you, you hold tight and I'll keep it true
In those times in need I'm there indeed
Sole see, you don't even have to speak
*Verse 2*
Our bond, be instructable
A testament of friendship is what is known 
Man you're like my surrogate aiga
Brotherhood uncomprimised in times of transition
From that know for real that I got your back
And have got that other line when a brother needs to chat
Conversate something sure enough
You ain't even got to hesitate none
It seems like we were born crew, since the beginning of time
Able to conversate despite not always on the same line
In essence nothing has changed though direct to deviate
You got business to handle
Make no mistake I can relate
Our links be deeper then this whole globe could ever expose
Extended for eternity, the brother hood for ever grows
Together we better, than isolated as solo
Forever never will I allow your frienship to go
*Chorus*
*Bridge*
Shadow if inclined to bare the soul
With Nesian knuckle game control
Its that joint force connection, clan honour respecting
Endeavor to never sever the bond we're protecting
Black and blue maybe true, colours due
If kats were to step, sabre I'm right beside you
I pray for blessing everyday of your life
Even when it seems the end of the tunnel don't lead to the light
If ever in need, you or your family
Don't ever pause, don't hesitate to conceive
In the eye of the storm all the cats must be warned
Awa, I'll be by your side, we must remain strong
United we stand ain't never gonna fall
To the link resillient I'm there for your cause
United we stand, never divided so we never fall
When everything's said and done
I still provide support
*Chorus*Chorus: Mystikal & Latrelle
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family 
Verse 1: Mystikal & Female singer
I heat up the way coffee be
Tasty like pastry
Got mo' flavors than parsley
With 9 aunties and 2 uncles
I got a lot of cousins, so watch how you talk to me
Good ol' places, good ol' times, doing good ol' thangs
That was just the good ol' days
Most of my people still look the same
All though we deep in the numbers
Our feelings is close as a lot's, ya heard me
We originated in Louisiana way back in the 1930's
On the farm of the son of Mr. and Mrs. John and Amanda Tyler
Hooked up with they daughter
Daughter Josephine the difference do you know what I mean
She was on the cotton field
He was on the farm where the cows get killed
Then they moved off the plantation
Then ??? came in a few mo' years
First came Rosa Lee, then Lawrence "June Bug", then Ana Lee
Then Louise and Alberta, then my mama came who they call Marie
Without a breather, um, here come Mary Alice, and Linda
Po' Grandma stayed bare foot, pregnant, and off-balance
Don't worry be happy
Whatever we got we was glad that we had it
After that, here come the last three, 
Lois, Allen, and Kathy
Chorus
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Where's ya family, mighty family
Where's ya family, mighty family 
Verse 2: Mystikal
And I'm just another kid
That come from one of the children of ma'dear and papa
One of
beau coup
grandchildren
Representing Lawerence and Elizabeth Tyler 
And my cousin Harry, cousin Becky
My cousins Davita and Larry
Rock and Walter, and Herbert and Meekie and Tiffany
Cynthia, and Dede, and Terry
Poncho, Erica and Junior
Mimi, Debra, Petey, Cheryl and Buster
Jermaine and Fayetta
Ronald and Donald, my crazy twin cousins
Albert, Lil' Will, and Tasha, Trenette, Shirlet
Rodney and Rodneshia
Lisa, Lil' Allen and Derrick and Teddy
Michelle, Markelle, and Michael and Reecie, and Ronisha
Cory and Brandon, Ranika, Christy, and Marty and Kisha
Craig, Jeremy, Chad and Million, My'Chelle, ??? and Robel
Ariel and Lawerence Anthony, Dazy, Courtney and Jaryn
Mikey, Brittney, and Kelan, Lil' Brian, Arian and Lil' Harry
Keke and Brian Jr
Nikki, Lil' Donald, and Donyette
And the people I forgot, Uncle Lynn, Uncle George, and Uncle Fay and Auntie Deborah
Chorus: Mystikal & Female Singer
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family 
Verse 3: Mystikal
Now that you know about my family ties
And my family history, and my family size
I done took ya back five generations and broke it down for ya
Now haven't I
From great-grandparents to grandparents
Mamas and daddies and uncles and aunties
To all of my in-laws, nanas, parrains and nephews and nieces
From maw-maws and paw-paws
Stomachs still growing so the number increases
From sisters and brothers
Baby daddies, baby mamas, great cousins and play cousins
So watch how you look at me
You never know who I'm kin to when you passing
If you ain't in ya own back yard
Better be careful 'cause we just might ask ya
Chorus
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Tell me where you from round? 
Where's ya family?, mighty family
Where's ya family?, mighty family 
Latrelle & Mystikal till fade:
You better watch how you look at me
Cause I'm from hereTest one
One, two, test, motherfucker
Mic check, one, two 
Roof
Fuck a bitch, beat my ass, hoe, damn
Just- just checkin' my shit
I gotta check my shit to make sure my shit tight
That's how I do my shit, nigga
You know?
Do your shit how you do your shit
It's cool, I ain't trippin', you heard?
I'ma do mine
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
You can't fuck, you can't fuck wit' the braids
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
You can't fuck, you can't fuck wit' the braids
You can't stop me, cocky
Just watch me, watch me
Ain't gon' be no carbon copies
Drop it, can't mock me, too sloppy, now stop it
You should've known better, or is it cause I flow better, they kept me in the shade
But now I'm back, motherfucker, it's the nigga with the cannon for the tooth swingin' with the braids
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
They can't fuck, they can't fuck wit' the braids
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
They can't fuck, they can't fuck wit' the braids
Roof, roof, roof, braids
Roof, roof, roof, braids
Right before the dope man, I don't sing but my rhymes gon' bang
Make the ink on the page catch flame and it light like propane
No sweat, no blood, no pain, no gain
No card, no deal, no dice, no game, no thang
Giving these bitches something vicious
I got them falling to pieces like porcelain dishes
I'm dirty, I get all the way down on the ground wit' the work
Memorize, take a picture, write a book, I don't give a fuck
I learned to fly, ground rip up
I'm here, lay down and give up
Nigga, you ain't gonna leave me out my entrance,  inches
Count a hundred thousand pennies, every sentence
Buddatt, buddatt, buddatt, get back
I get very scary like a gat in this bitch, what's happening
I rip racks and pop TECs
I'm so poppin' they just got to rap what I spray
Sometimes I gotta watch what I say
I'm so wild, cause I'm from 'round where the crocodiles play
Don't play wit' me now or later
I make you say, "Aww, give it to me, don't be that way"
I'm tellin' ya, couldn't tell you wit' the mute
I been doing this shit, how to train 'em, how to use 'em
Just apply the proper respect
I'm tactically selective with the maximum effect
But eclectic, brown perfected
It just don't get no colder, bitch, if I'm perfected
Y'all niggas couldn't pop a rubberband
You fucking with the man wit' the braids
Wit' the braids
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
They can't fuck, they can't fuck wit' the braids
Don't fuck, don't fuck wit' the braids
They can't fuck, they can't fuck wit' the braids
Roof, roof, roof, wit' the braids
Roof, roof, roof, swing the braids
Big spark create a fire, goddamn it
Get into it, get off; get down, get cross, get tied
For my Million and my Mychelle
My Mama and my brother and my nephew and myself
The man upstairs, cause I kept it up
For my niggas, and my rounds, back down
Bout to step it up 
Put in some cash and some Outkast beats
Hop behind the wheel and come out from the fucking backseat
Michael Tyler, rhyme and droating driver, miracle rip plyer
The fasthold desire! On fire, reach a flyer, ain't nobody lie
Starting them out of a team, city of Seam
With 100 suckers and a busta
And I'm still clean! Hollering hi-ya
Right before I chop you in your throat
Another rapper say I'm on my way
To get the fucking hat and coat, and hit the motherfucking door
You can't stop me! How then
Just watch me, watch me
Ain't gonna be no calling Congress
You can't drop me, you can't block me, who stop me
It's outside, you should've known better
Is it cause I flow better, they kept me in the shade
But now I'm back motherfuckers
The nigga with the cannon for the two
Swinging with the braidsI'm not really the type of nigga to play the gangsta
Cause you's probably coolin'
But straight off the motherfuckin breast
I ain't comin for no foolishness
100 volts on the mic kept knowin  then I'm probably chillin
Tilt that crazy off bottle 'til I'm blitzed
Fuckin yeah nigga yall know that feelin'
But I ain't that type of nigga to shoot the shit on my shit list
But I'm that talkin' bro nigga that's quick to handle my business
Im makin a run with shit that I've done
Im wavin' a gun at shit that you've brung
Make niggas get brung stoned and hung with the slip of a tongue
I unfold a truck-load as I explode
You bitches can't hold the side-door when I'm in my front-load
Im keepin'em  I'm keepin'em hype
I'm leavin'em right I'm even uptight
Holdin' the mic and say the word FUCK more times then Dolomite
I'm the nigga that got the last words you got served
Smokin' fat herbs and gunnin niggas down like back burs
With fast words I'm zipper I'm funky like raptors
And I'm much much more then a mouth full of adverbs and bad words
Stick it to a nig like chop sticks
More flava more flava more cooler then a tub of Kool-Aid
I'm never in doubt before so nigga then why try
Hittin' harder then Popeye slappin motherfuckers like Cha-Cha
I fuck with a capitol "F" put  to death  crowd def
And I'ma continue to flow until I come up on my last breath
So homie raise up 
Hold these tricks up 
See I'm that nigga that tells whether or not a nigga stay now look here
 
I'm not that nigga
I'm not that nigga
I'm not that nigga to fuck
You been picked off
Keep fuckin wit a nigga like me get hip-tossed
Fuck fightin faggot nigga I know
He jumped your bitch ass like Kriss-Kross
And look at a riddle that I be little
When I'm a jumbo now a fiddle
I jump in your eardrum and play 
Stop wanting to ditch'em
I'm in this bitch and comin' out rich
In case yah know 'bout a fired up son of a bitch
Inch by inch as I drench
I'm a sense clench
That bullshit that yall niggas  
I got the gimmick to make them bitches rough like they can feel me
They can't get near me cause they fear me but yall don't hear me
Just like that bitch I saw
Who hit my fucking car
Look-it-hear I'm playin that ho from 
Whatchu talk?
I'm very  so niggas can kick this fuckin lesson
I am fluorescent as if caressing from that fuckin crescent
A nigga that know how
Nigga that been to serve 
Mamma that pushin shake my head just like they got a loo-ow
So come with the pussy the paper the pen and the pussy now pass me the mic
Show you around jump on yo' ass just like a 
I shot more shit then Shawn Kemp but got more bitches then a world pimp
And got more flavour then a brown shrimp
I'ma be comin out flossin shit that make a nigga gon' talk some shit
But if you ain't brought shit
Then I ain't the nigga to start shit with
You couldn't fuck the old but all of a sudden what make you think you can
Fuck wit the new shit
You stuck on stupid
I ain't that nigga to fool with
A nigga might sprout up talkin about what
The only way to keep my muthafuckin name out your muthafuckin mouth
Is keep your muthafuckin mouth shut
I don't step  fire then a gutter
I'm takin'em 10 at a time cause I ain't SCARED of you muthafuckers
I'm strippin'em up
I'm rippin'em up and flippin'em off
And I'mma continue to flow on rhymes then single'em out and choppin'em all up
Making classics
See massive titties and pussies and asses
But got more hoes then a value class
More vicious then BooBoo wash you up like we do
I'm blacker then Voo-Doo, harder then a rough rhyme 
Black like Sheep, I'm Cool like Jay in effect like Rex
I'm Grand like Pub huh, huh daddy are you?
I'm Ice like T, rock like Kim fuck it
Spice like One but got more Enemies then the Public nigga
I kick it around  
  to the hair drum
The bigger opponent nigga that's you
You can't compare a nigga like Mystikal to Skidrow or Ugly Kid Joe
But yet you suddenly pickin terf with me
You irkin' with me jerkin' with me when I tell your bitch to stop flirting with me
I'm giving it  I came tho
I know you niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
I'm making yall mummble 
Nigga you beating me is like cuttin' a Philly grass with wire cutters I
Be keeping to you all so breakin'em off
And still uh, fuck with me you faithful walkin' around with pork chop drawers
I'm ready to graze and blaze pump up the gauge and pick up the pace
I'm more deadly then having safe sex, with a bitch with AIDS
A nigga like myself is bad for you ho tho
I fucked that bitch one time and now that ho can't hold herself
That shit be kicks and niggas be smokin' in cliques and fuckin'em tricks
I rollin' from that Big Easy
Where the buddha are beyond and niggas they rumble, over the least mumbo-jumbo
Standing tall like this Mutumbo but turn that shit to Briant Gumble
That's how we do it when we kick it back on my block
It's pop or get popped
Kill or get killed
Drop or get dropped
And nigga be wondering why they always spunnin is off of some dumb shit
Cause I ain't, cause I ain't, cause I ain't that nigga to fuck with bitchQue des images qui hantent nos quartiers, y'en a ras le cul
Une galerie aux portraits d'exclus, c'est pas une exclu
Enfermé dans une vision écrasante, je bute
Et l'autre, par ses regards, me fixe, veut ma chute
Dans un monde où il ne fait pas bon vivre
Où l'air est pourri, aux jeux dits interdits, les gosses se livrent
Je tournais autour de mes souvenirs laissés dans un coin
Comme le temps de se réconcilier avec un voisin
La vie de tous les jours, la même histoire connue du grand public
Des gosses de 16 chapitres, des dossiers rangés dans des pupitres
La haine des flics, l'homme en bleu rôde au quotidien
Aujourd'hui doyen tu frappes, tu claques, on te claquera à ton tour si y'a moyen
D'un bloc à l'autre, je parle de ceux que la vie à piégés
Rêves saccagés, jeunesse confisquée, des années à purger
Même l'âme froissée, mémoire tâchée
Visage blême, je parle pour les frères dispatchés que la zone à gâchés
Dur, trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures et retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?
Oh, c'est trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures, comment retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?
Tu m'as dit un jour "c'est trop injuste la vie"
Et tu ne sais plus pourquoi tu luttes encore et aujourd'hui
C'est comme traîner le long d'une longue rue sans issue
Mais toi tu n'en peux plus, tu n'en peux plus
Et je te vois marcher le long de la cité
Tu vis mais tes mains restent comme liées
Attachées au passé, à un avenir sans futur
Dur, trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures et retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?
Oh, c'est trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures, comment retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?
Réécoute ces mots, à la fois légers et durs comme des pierres
Balancés avec la bonne pointure qui narre l'histoire d'oiseaux solitaires
Promenade au bord du néant, angoisse, panique, frayeur
Routes infranchissables, liés pour le pire et le meilleur
Je fais partis de ceux qui rêvent de, rêvent de révo'
Si tu rêves haut, l'équipe qui nous berne, qui nous gouverne, s'équipe de lois racistos
Ils ont ta photo, ton nom sur leurs listes
Approche, regarde, ton proche voisin ne sait même pas que t'existes
Au su de tous, y'a trop de bavures
De la part de l'épervier, rapace de mauvais augure
La lutte coule dans nos veines aguerries
Ma destinée, c'est chanter le quotidien que personne ne guérit
Dur, dur, de survivre sans armure, on nous conditionne
Des frères tombent comme des pommes avant d'être mûrs
Des' : il faut parer les blessures, n'est-ce pas ?
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
Et si un jour tu te sentais privé d'amour
Je serais là pour toi, à te chanter tout mon amour
Et si un jour tu te sentais privé d'amour
Je serais là pour toi, à te chanter tout mon amour
Ça fait des années qu'on nous promet l'égalité
Le pauvre ou l'immigré n'existent ici que sur le papier
Y'en a qui se disent heureux, juste parce qu'ils savent fermer les yeux
C'est malheureux, en tout cas, moi, j'ai jamais su, j'ai jamais pu
Dur, trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures et retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?
Oh, c'est trop dur de survivre sans armure
S'il faut parer les blessures, comment retourner à Dieu sans bavures ?Stack yo Chips, get yo paper
Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters
Stack yo Chips, get yo paper
Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters
Stack yo Chips, get yo paper
Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters
Stack yo Chips, get yo paper
Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters
I'm movin too fast, doing to much for these niggas
Hum bro
I get paid to leave the house sideways
Bitch stickn out, what
I can take it without quessn'
You the mutha fuckin coward
And I'm the big bad wolf nigga
And I'm coming to devoiour
Ain't nuthin better than money
Sex and the power
Oh how I love to be on top of the power
Fuck
I got it to go wit it, clownish
Out dat back cuttin up telly to telly bouncn'
I got 5 women, 4 cars
3 homes and 2 apartments
A rolex, 10 leather jackets
And 20 pair of Michael Jordans
All in it, front and back wheels spinnin
I might not bid to you
But I'm the shit in the city
Street things, represent the real no lim
Razor sharp rhymes penatrating you skin
The way I drop
Bitch gotta feel them
I'm that close
Try to stop me from gettn' it
I make a million dollar dream become reallity without a doubt
I get paid for every rhyme coming out my mouth
And gangsta rap pays the bills so I represent it
And who we be
Some soldiers down that no limit
My young thugs love to get high off of my lyrics
I have em' tweakn'
Possessed like an evil spirit
We on the rise
But labeled as them bad guys
We're family tied
And run like the enterprize
Fool is you legal
But bugs is segal
This ain't no sequil
You damn sure not my equal
And playa haters don't last too long
A million muthafuckas with my disc
Sittin at they home
My edvasaries is slowly being put to death
I catch em gaspin
And trying to breathe
They last breath
I mean you reaching for the stars
But you can't grip
I told ya, get yo paper nigga
Stack yo chipsUnh....yeah...
I got that Boot Camp Clicc in this muthafucka tonight
Me & my nigga 'Cise....
We done hooked some smooth shit up for y'all...
And we bout to throw down in this bitch, ya heard mes?
First Verse :
I had plenty of you niggas who that I couldn't, do it
Do what?
Grab the pen and the paper, put the fire to the blunt, time to get to it
Fuuuuuck how y'all niggas do it
She quick to pursue it til' his pockets smell like body fluid
Some niggas be walkin' up at the line
Blow job then slob on my knob, bitch I been the shit
BITCH I BEEN THE SHIT!!!!!
Ain't nothin' you can do to me
What this muthafucka talkin' about nigga who me?
Yeah you, said who see?
I'm bout'z to make gash, drivin' 'em out quick fast
Bout time your muthafuckin' ass
Put a nigga on the muthafuckin' map with'cha bitch ass
Wit'cha bitch ass
Takin' how long?
How long it took?
It took a nigga thirteen muthafuckin' years just to make a rap song
But I'm on my winnings, in fact now niggas is jealous
Y'all niggas don't faze me
Hoes gone...hate me
Bust up and then I may get they lips bloody
Your back nutty
Aw, y'all niggas ain't ready for me
But if you want me, who clamps?
I'm shell-bound, watch me throw down on my first go-round
Here's our shit, properly did it and now you're evicted
Now admit it, fuck that yin-yang, you talkin' behind my back Mr. Hood Critics
You're all on my dick hun
Get one, lick one
Shit son, talk about me?  Jealous man, you're done
Fuck it, it's all good
I'm not that nigga, I'm not that nigga, I'm not that nigga either, understood?
Chorus 
You're all on my dick hun
Mr. Hood Critic
Get one
Only way to keep my muthafuckin' name
Out your muthafuckin' mouth
Is to keep your muthafuckin' mouth SHUT!
Second Verse :
Roll like a tank
Comin' cold like a shake
Every move that I make
Be smooth like a, snake
I got what it takes to make your eyes burn
Hooked up in the jazzy fifth, with the pee-wee sideburns
I dress better than a drug dealer
Cuz when I jump shop I'm on my job nigga
20/20 couldn't see me
Who you?
Q to the U to the I to the K, K, I be......
Follow me now, open sesame
You niggas ain't ready for the best of me
I'm takin' you niggas nuts and givin' you bitches a hysterectomy
I'm comin' up fast, runnin' in more ass
Sharp as glass
Bitch you might think this nigga be lickin' the pussy cuz my tongue fast
Hoe, but that's a no-no
Oh, you mean you don't know?
Mr. Hood Critic told you what?  I'm lickin' pussy on the down-low?
Now if I'd did it, I'd admit it and walk around proud
But tellin' no fables, on this label, pussy eaters ain't allowed
Now I be comin' around the mountain like "Oh Susanna"
Nigga where the fuck you from?
New Orleans, Louisiana
Home of the boot camp clicc
And now it's time for rest of you muthafuckas
To bow down and respect the South shit
Get your mouth split
That's what thing that you can do up with this chemistry
The Boot Camp Clicc is droppin' bombs on the industry
You all on my dick, hun
Mr. Hood Critic, the only way to keep my muthafuckin' name
From out your muthafuckin' mouth
Is to keep your muthafuckin' mouth SHUT!
G's oh, G-Quikk's a G so
Want me to creep these hoes?  I'ma keep these hoes
On they tippy-tippy toes
Shovin' that dick all in your daughter
Called a nigga, fucked a nigga
Sucked a lil' dick
BUT CAN'T GET A QUARTER!!!!!
I'm not your everyday extraordinary busta
Another soldier out that boot camp
Bustin' you dick suckers
From walkin' round town tryin' to call Michelle
Hit slow like shit you jump now nigga
Ain't nothin' colder, ain't nothin' cooler...
Ooh!  Don't let the smooth ice fool ya
Cuz I ain't that type of nigga to get my...
Ass kicked
Caught 'em talkin'
Cash hit
Cha-CHING!
Bitch another smash hit
Chorus You're never on time
And music's on all day
And you be growing them rude-ngati dreads
White on white sneaks and baggy jeans
Got that greenstone around your neck
I came from the 183
So I know a little bit about fresh bee
Yes we, keep rep'n and rock'n that fresh steez
Jeans cut with socks and jandals
Aloha shirts be the formal dress standard
Spot the poly's from a mile away
And you know they're coming when you hear this play
Follow the leader.... leader.... leader
Follow the leader x 2
You're so fresh so I want to know if you're down
'cause if you are then let that hair down baby
I wanna know
Got 2 fried eggs on that $1 bread
Street fighter 2 where my money's spent
Brothers roll past, speakers on full blast
Singing "Korero Maori e"
You're never on time
And music's on all day
And you be growing them rude-ngati dreads
White on white sneaks and baggy jeans
Got that greenstone around your neck
What you know about F.O.B
Taro, Manioke & Lu Sipi
Ya'll know what I'm talking bout the Sunday Feeds
2 minute noodles & that fried Corned Beef
For the rest of the week, that's all there is
Go to school and scab off the rest of the kids
Save that bus money home for that $1 chips
If you don't walk it off it goes straight to the hips..
I never run my day by time
I run my time by the change of sky
I run my time like my appetite
Coke and a pie's what we call fine dine
SURRY CRES to SANDRINGHAM
CALIFOR-NI-A down to JAPAN
It's the real McCoy making all that noise
More FOB than FALL OUT BOY…
You're never on time
And music's on all day
And you be growing them rude-ngati dreads
White on white sneaks and baggy jeans
Got that greenstone around your neck
So what we gon' do right here, is we gon' school ya on what we call, the ways of the fresh; Nesian 101 if ya will. So if ya feelin' what we sayin', let me know, join in
Bounce on that 2 & 4, don't clap on that 1 & 3..
You have your Cappuccino, we on that Cuppa Tea..
Be rude to turn it down, so take it if its free..
Just keep it FRESH, no matter where you be.. X2
You're so fresh but I want to know if you down
'cause if you are then let your hair down baby
I want to know
You're never on time
And music's on all day
And you be growing them rude-ngati dreads
White on white sneaks and baggy jeans
Got that greenstone around your neck X2
Follow the leader.... leader.... leader
Follow the leader x 2Mystikal
What's up my nigga
It's Da Brat-tat-tat
Lettin' the whole motherfuckin' world
Know I got your back
If you don't like what my nigga Mystikal do
Come see 'bout that shit
Step to it, know what I'm sayin'
You don't like what the fuck I do, step to me
We 'gone see about your motherfuckin' ass, nigga
Huh, uh, uh
If I do somethin' you don't like
Come and see about it
You wanna box, get'cha dukes up, I'ma be 'bout it
And ride off into the sunset
With the windows down, feet out it
I got a foul mouth, I blow weed out it
Seperate these thighs, get the price and eat out it
Ain't no other bitch rowdy like me
S-O, S-O, D-E-F, you C.K
Y'all bitch ass niggas disbehave me since the first day
Worst way to kill 'em is hit the top of the charts
First week at number one, R&B be a war
Leave ya fake-ass manager home
And if you eager nigga, to see about me, come along
I keep my enemies a far, don't need a friendly to leave
I make at least twenty-five just to breathe on the beat
Tell me, how many niggas wanna fuck this bitch named Brat
60644 is where I'm at, come see
 2x
You don't like!
Come and see about me
You gotta problem!
Come and see about me
You hurry up and come!
Come and see about me
What's up whodi!
Come and see about me
 The burnin man 
Yeah, came here to burn some ass
You don't see the burnin' man
You don't see the blazin' hands
You don't see 'em when I walk past
The So So, Da Brat brought
Petey Pab and Mystikal
Not nan' one of y'all
Can fuck with these bulldogs
Known for breakin' the law, just came home
Get it on 'bout this damn microphone
Who the best, who said this and who said that
Here go three of the best on this God damn track
And you can believe that
Willing to bet my Jive check
If you don't rewind this back
Somethin' wrong with deck
I'ma can't forget spinnin off the wall type shit
And no it didn't, I'm talkin' 'bout y'all type shit
Greensboro to Cuira, Chapel Hill type shit
Better send them folks to check for this
Cause I'm the one that ill
Hook 2x
This one is from your majesty, his lordship, your excellency
Bitch barely can see me - definitely can't stand next to me
Dick get hard like Rottweiler 
You know that fool can break down hits on shit, get adrenaline spannin
We gon' kill 'em in New Orleans, like kill 'em for jumb'
As cold as the Arctic, recorded in Georgia 
Ninety proof through the roof, y'all niggas pink lemonade
I hit the booth, your whole crew burst be kinda late
Such a bunch of fuckin' cowards
Ain't worth the dirt that come off my ass
You go down the drain when I take my shower
New Expedition be a Eddie Bauer
Sometimes I gotta comb these fuckin' rappers hair, fix they collar
Wanna be like me, we can take your bitch, and smack that daughter
Be a man, and tell them bitches what you causin'
I'm a south cowboy, Howddyyyy!
Call them creepers, come and see about me
Hook 2x
I come from out that Cajun, I'm stayin ragin, keep it blazin
Bitch I'm crazy,
half man, half amazin'
Half way up the charts, and bitch I'm halfway in your ass
I'm only halfway with this rhyme, and got half y'all mad
Soon as I come in this bitch
You know I'm comin to spit you somthin
Then Michael Parker said "That's a bad rappin motherfucker!"
I'll bust your ass up like a
Mutherfuckin' bug stuck on the windshield wiper, walkin'
Catch a temper-tantrum, from Mr. Shit-Talker
The vulgar, the champion'll knock ya show off!
I'll cut 'cha like a Newport, with no gauze 
Bitch I'm stupid like I lost a few marbles
Still balkin, still tossin 'em
Still holdin' MC's hand
Takin' they ass across the street walkin'
So let me know when you ready to bust
With your head on the pavement
Bring ya ass, you don't need no fuckin' invitation
Come and see about me
Come and see about me, nigga
Come and see about me
Come and see about me
Hook 2x
Come and see about me
Come and see about me*A brief tone*
Miss Michelle Tyler:  Sweet, beautiful
Intelligent, talented, creative, and
Crazy as hell.  And missed more than
Anything in the world
Thank you for being the best sister
A brother could of ever wanted
Twenty-four years.  Laughter and joy
Sure is gon' be hard not being able
To see your smile again, baby
So, I guess, I'll just hold onto
All the memories that we did share
Until we meet again
Anyway, I did it Chell.  We did it
I wish you could of been there
For the finishin' touches
But it's all good
Cause your gonna always
Be in my heart
Oh, thank you for hoopin' on
I'm Not That Nigga for me
You did that, baby.  You
Were already a angel, so
I guess your just goin' home
And, I know that heavenly
Choir sound good up there, now
They one more strong
So, you keep singin' baby
And I'm gonna keep you in my heart
And my thoughts
I love youWoman like my momma
Ain't no woman like my momma 
Sharin liquor with the homies, reminiscin bout the old days
Cookin dinner in your kitchen listenin to the Bar-Kays
When I was sick, you came got me from school
When I got suspended momma, you taught me the rules
And even though, I never had a daddy
Momma took me where I need to go in a old school caddy
A single parent on welfare
And even though times were hard momma made sure the rent was there
And we couldn't fold name brands
But momma kept her kids neat, that's why we understand
And momma even rode the Greyhound
To see her little man, when he was locked down
And even though I life the STREET LIFE
Momma prayin for her baby, hope he get his mind right
It feel good to see momma on top
I told you if I make it momma you won't be forgot
  Momma life ain't cool
 Ain't no woman like my momma
  Tell me what would I do without you
 Ain't no woman like my momma
I thank God, for keeping you strong, but you keep me strong
Things'd be different if, momma wasn't home
Who gon' fix the grits and eggs and smoked sausage
Teach me and love me and raise me and watch me
Who gon' lift my spirits when I get sad?
Discipline me when I need a stain whip on my ass
I was seven years old when I lost dad
Trying to accept the fact but I was too young to understand
Who gon' take the slack and carry the load?
Make ends meet while in the grocery stores?
Who's the single parent to me and my big sister
That had me happy on my birthday and merry at Christmas?
Who took care of us, did everything for us?
Stood by and didn't leave, just because
We was yours, she was ours
Who was still sweet when everything went sour?
You mom!
I couldn't imagine gettin this far, without you
Even when the bills was due, you found a way to come through
Even though we didn't have money, we seemed rich
We had each other me and my sisters and brothers, forget the other shit
You was side by side when I was sick
Early in the morning, cooking eggs and grits
You was the first one up, but you was the last one sleepin
Made sure we had somethin to eat, last one to eatin
Couldn't live our life for us so, let us know
Wanted to tell us, but you had to just, let us grow
Gettin older now, soon have to, let us go
We was goin through some things momma but you never, let it show
And I only get one of you so I, cherish the times
Didn't know how to tell you how much you meant to me
So I wrote that line
So wherever you at, I hope you doin fine
You did so much for me then, I'll do the same for you in time*Comprised of lines from many of his songs on previous albums
Ok, ok, jou wanna fuck wit me? Come on
Who put this fuckin shit together?
ME! THAT'S WHO!
Chorus: X 4
Did I do it?
You fuckin right I did it! 
Fuckin right, fuckin right
I got's to get it when I do it
Make sure your ass feel this
Don't want nobody style, used to be
Bitch, cause I'm still it!
Ow owwwwwwww! Bad like who? ME THAT'S WHO!
I'm the pussy cat!
Y'all muthafuckas ain't ready!
We gonna be hung, I'm not the nigga
I'm not that nigga I'm not that nigga
But I'm the unlimited, unlimited
That's how we do it when we kick it
Bum bum bum, HERE I GO!
I can't fuck with my damn self, I-I know
Walkin through your mind, look what I brought with me
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water
Back to the boulder
No, I serious, can't nobody find
Who put you on the fuckin map? 
Ahhhhh! No, you, won't, know
Did I do that? Fuckin right I did it
Chorus
Lemme see, you lackin creativity
Tryin to bite my style like fingernails
Tryin to sound how I sound, on my tounge with every single name
Slow down, T don't, damn
Watch yourself, and they can't
Fire point blank to the back of 
Four five six time the bitches
Never exercising, you gon get to big for your britches
The man right chea!
I ain't comin here for no foolishness
Sides, not much any one of y'all niggas can do with me
Speakin like one of them Puerto Ricans
GOOD LORD!
Fuckin right I did it!
ChorusOooh ooh yeah, ooh oooh ooh yeah yeah
Clap-clappin' that-clappin' that ass, clap-clappin' that-clappin' ass, that ass
Wop-woppin' that-woppin' that ass, wop-woppin' that-woppin' that ass, that ass
Oh oh oh oh yeah, oh oh oh oh yeah
Smokin' and fuckin' is some of my habit
Fo' the grilly hand had come take up for my daddy
A shot off in the kitchen jump but didn't get married
Still I'm lovin' takin' bowp keepin' them happy
I do what it takes with the pills and the paint
Just to keep my black ass off of minimum wage
I went from stu-stutter, to shake it like a dog
I might not eat yo' pussy but I bite you on yo' drawers
It ain't my fault but go 'head tho'
I can't return the favor but mo' head ho'
I'm tappin' at them tonsels at the back of yo' throat
Snap it on wet it up let it go in slow
Ooh stroke it suck or leave it alone
Mo' dick ain't nothin' but meat and the bone
You better not let your momma hear you sing that song
Eat it up sweat it up and lil' daddy gone, gone
Well look at you, you flirtin' with this pimpin' ain't yo'
I seen you pstin' winkin' at me when you grabbed yo' ankle
Ah she can't sang, but g-strings hangs
And it don't take no Ricky Martin to know that she bang
Wobble that ass, and show yo' tits
Fo' a bitch to be that fine don't make no sense
Them ho's hatin' but she gettin' the money nothin'
Bouncin' off her booty but fifty's and hundred's
Ooh, flip 'em the bird if you gettin yo' serv
And then hit this fuckin' dick and kick them ho's to the curb
Look at them hips, look at them thighs
It could make a grown man temperature rise
She stoppin' traffic and she do it on purpose
Got niggas jumpin' out their car to see them bop in the circle
She makin' me hot, I'm makin' you rich
Take this fuckin' money and back up on this
This for my bitches in the backseat of them cars
Know how to ride a dick, and pack the gards
After she had a daquiry that's when she called me
Talkin' hot comin' from the bachelorette party
But really what happened she probably won't tell me
Now she want her pussy tapped hard knock out I'll help her
I'm supposed to be the broad ain't that some shit
So I went ahead and drove her off, ain't that a bitch
She shakin' 'er leg and makin' the bread
Ah she good with her mouth so nigga look out
She servin' them heads you heard what I said
Around and 'round she knockin' 'em down
Wherever is crackin' then that's where she be
And guess what if that's what she like then that's alright with me
Because-a, she bring it to me, in the night and the day
She supposed to have a baby from me that's what they say A tell me what's your name?
 MC Mystikal
 What's your alias?
 I'm the prince of the South
 What's your thing?
 I ain't playing with your bitch ass
 So boy what'd you say?
 Here I go here I go
Bitch I'll backslap or backstab after that kidnap a whack rap
Bring it louder if you coming to rap
Your arms to short your legs to small
I'm the sure shot shit off of deputy dog
Break it in two and TRU so do
By myself I can take you and you and you and you
Straight forward like
Kerry Kittles
Nigga's head bob very little
Gooder than a whole hand full of skittles
Evil with feedback when I turn on the mic
I'm the spritz that has to "Chsssss" when you open your Sprite
No fight no war no brawl y'all ain't ready
When they see me their eyes get big arms get sweaty
Enough to go around you know exactly how it go down
In house uptown big boys throw down
Out of control ballers from Bagwood back to New Orleans
If it'll make ya feel good that's what you can call it
 What's your name!?
 Mac the Don, motherfucker
 What's your alias?
 Shell Shocked nigga
 What's your thing?
 Murder murder murder murder
 Nigga what'd you say?
 Wooooaaaaah
 Who rocks it?
I play the plug you play the socket
Y'all got your pieces nicked lets cock it
Now how I get your open knock and lock it
Y'all niggas fail so now y'all trying to jock it
My formula's trill 
These fake ass niggas are blocking
With niggas with them ill times are rocking
He lifts and cocked it
Suckers are toxic
I'm all about what's falling in my pocket
I'll be the one they wanna share that cock with
Your just that nigga that they wanna shock with
You never hit it told your niggas you did it
You probably ate it
Laid back and masturbated
Take them fake wood strips off the side of you ride
Cause real niggas keep their war on the inside that's money with pride
Shell shock niggas
We on the block niggas
Fiend cocked in 98
We bought more figures and triggers
We be murder murder too
So have my money or have my shit
And oh tell your little sister to stay up off my dick!
 What's your name!?
 Capitol F-I-E-N-D
 What's your alias?
 I'm Mr. Get it on Jones
 What's your thing?
 I'm the one that call the Shotti
 What'd you say?
 Whomp Whomp! Whomp whomp whomp!
 I'm the decided private miscontorting to fire on me
Bringing you extra clips and jeans favorite style's sareen
Mr. Get it on Jones
I noticed I didn't drop the phone
If it's on then it's on
Mister stay loaded up the zone
I stay rolling on some chrome
Mr. Bad ass nigga
??????????????????
My verbal class can kill ya
I'm a mad man killer
Warning no hommie can turn ya to thugs and drug dealers
So what the fuck up nigga
Expect me to be discrete
Well you bitches beneath me like athletes feet
Ya have ????? can't beat a handicapped
As for me I mastered the art of MC
It was all before BC
Wanna see me?
Close your eyes and hold your breath
That whore pushing that store
Cutting on over to quicker death
Bet you niggas are set for ghettos soon to be junk
Got lyrical ???? up
I'm Mr. War war
 What's your name?
 Silkk the Shocker!
 What's your alias?
 Mister!
 What's your thing?
 I'm a made man nigga!
 Nigga what'd you say?
 AAAAAAHHHHHH!
  Mister hang with real thugs
Mister's real blood
Mister don't shoot blanks
Mister shoot real slugs
I never feel shit except from the ghetto
And I don't feel love
Nigga I'm out there pissed without this nook
I see a club
Nigga what?
Mister hit your block
Mister hit your spot
Mister you better duck the fuck down or Mister's getting shot
Come on come with me
Come and get me
I'm gonna find you some hurting
I drop flies that hurt the same time I hit the horn street man tries to hurt
Me
Let me negotiate my contract on the beach he got me some ends
Look turned 19 look nigga I got me a Benz
You know me see that nigga gonna flock with the rocks in his hands
He ain't worth a cop just to block his rocks and then ran
I check my flow last year only got better
So cold now if it's hot I can still rock leather
Mister ain't NO L-I-M-I- to the T
 Yeah that's me!
 What's your name?
 MC Mystikal
 What's your alias?
 I'm the prince of the South
 What's your thing?
 I ain't playing with your bitch ass
 What'd you say?
 The mans right hereStill Smokin Bud, Still Smokin Weed
King Edward, Philly Blunt, Swisha, keep groovin, Tampa Sweet, good ol
Optimo, easy water,
joker
My lips get black and my fingertips burn and my eyes half way open
Cough Cough and I'm chokin
But bitch I'm Still Smokin!
I wanna be puffin this like I ain't be worryin bout nothin
If you gonna get the cigar
Nigga I'll do the stuffin
I roll em swoll like broken arms
But I sure hate when they come around this bitch I don't know talkin bout
What chall smokin on cause
Niggas like that we call em Hoovers
They try to get cool with ya
To smoke your weed up
Is what they do ya
Puff Puff Puff Puff Godammit!
Nigga you ain't chip in no shit here
Bitch What's Happenin!
But if you did then its good and it goin down
Get rid of them nickels and them dimes
Bitch we throwin pounds!
Tenth thru 11th to the 12th ward bound
But P said one of my niggas I heard somebody say
One Time!
But I paid it no mind and I kept rollin
But that was the Po Pos
I gotta get rid of this fat ass
Optimo
that I'm holdin
Excellerate and I made that left on line center
I hit that bitch one more time
Then threw it out the window
Young niggas in a big white truck
You know whats up
They're lookin to catch you fuckin up
It just so happened that
I was hot
They looked in the back on the floor
And the silver canon and they found the pot
I can't believe that I got popped
It took me
2 hours and 1500 dollars
To get unlocked
Straight from jail to the weed spot
Shit I took that as a minor setback
Hell no I ain't stop!
And I'm
Still smokin bud
Still smokin weedBitch we ain't your standard his and hers rap duo X2
Mystikal, Mia X, who the fuck you take us for  X4
You better cover your nose cause rhyme flows run like diahrrea
Burn like gonorrhea, that's me and mama Mia.....X
Explicit mistress, unlady like diva
You gonna know when you see her
You stack like you don't know
Now we run this motherfucker
That's what them No Limit Soldiers
Done this motherfucker
Ain't no stopping us now, long way from finished
Just gettin started, gaining momentum
See our faces on magazines, hear our music at parties
Movies and videos, it's kind of hard to avoid us
How many motherfuckers try to come out the south and don't sell out
Make up all the money, take up all the clout
Mystikal, Mia X we got clout
Mystikal, Mia X
Mystikal, Mia X
Mystikal, Mia X who the fuck you take us for  X3
Tank mama  mama  drama  biggest  mama  ya'll know Mia
My rhymes are the pins in all the voo doo dolls
Got your earholes hexed, Mrs. X I come to set it off
With the unpredictable big ole 
Crooked like a roach leg dick nigga Mystikal
And they knows who got the clout all this
On that nigga and that broad with the tanks around they necks
We connect like infra-red dots and can't be stopped
Colossals in this game check the billboard spots, we on top
But chatter knocks and ice rocks they can't wait
That's why these No Limit Soldiers always break street date
Fakers hate yet they smile kissin ass no doubt
But two faces get you punched them both in your mouth
Who got the clout, no need to answers that
It's not a matter of who, it's a matter of fact
We got the clout
 Mia X]
Whoa, we got tornadoes, nigga spinnin that ass no doubt
We got the hook up, we bout it bringin the world to the south
Yeah, you can give me trigger man and that hard shit
And Mama Mia still gon stay up on her guard bitch
You heard me, you heard him you know what we bout
You know you can't doubt that we got the cloutIntro: 
Man I got something to tell you
I don't know how to explain it
But I'm different 
Naaaaa....I ain't
I'm just sayin', I'm not like you
I'm not like others
It's like I've been here before
504 is the domain
I don't sang
My rhyme go bang
Nigga, ain't in the place get a flame and ya act like propane
No sweat, no blood, no pain, no gain 
No cards, no deal, no dice, no game, no thangs
I'm givin' you bitches something vicious
Got 'em fallin' to pieces like porcelain dishes
I'm dirty
I get all the way down in the ground bitch
WHAT
Memorize, take a picture, nigga write a book, I don't give a fuck
I'm blended bile, ground rip up
They're here
They down to give up
Nigga you underneath, me out my entrance
Off by inches I can count a hundred thousand pennies
Help me center
Look at that, look at that, look at that, get back
I get very scary like that gatlin bitch whats happenin
I rip tracks and pop tapes
I'm so popular they just gots to rock what I spray
Time I gotta watch what I say 
I gets pride 'cause I'm from 'round where the crocodiles play
Jock-a-mo fee na nay
I make em' say
"Aww give it to me, don't be that way."
I'm tellin' ya from cuttin ya tellin what the music
I've been doin' this shit
I'm highly trained on how to use it
The objective's to apply the proper perspective
Taxes are selective, maximum effective
 collective
Brown complected
It just don't get no ???
I'm perfected
Y'all niggas couldn't pop a rubber band on my parade
Choppin' and slicin' with the edge of the blade
Chorus: The blade 
Blade: There are worse things out tonight than vampires
Girl: Like what?
Blade: Like me
I turn a sucka into supper
Gotta suffer
Mighta had enough
Thats why I'm cussin' 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired
They can't hide from the pain 'cause the noise don't stop
They don't stand a ghost of a chance but they try
One side of my mind tell me to get 'em, other say let em' ride
Even when a couple of hundred years gone by
They still gonna bite and I'm still gonna fly
Yes... five fingers around they necks
I'll run through your back and come out your chest
You movin' too fast, you got to pace yourself
Aww shit here it comes nigga, brace yourself
Oh my goodness
Don't worry I'ma getcha no matter how I put it
Imitates, I'm limit, tall limit, tell it 
Let me finish hedgehog and answer fella
You would if you could but you don't get up off
And I'm the hand on the hammer on the nail in the coffin
I'm marchin' to a different drummer
At the head of the parade
On the edge of the blade
Chorus Testin testin testin
You can hear me, what what what?
MIC, check one, check, check check
You can hear me?  YO!
I'm loud enough?  Yo!
Mic mic, micraphone, check, check
Yo, can you hear me?
Yo!
Chorus: repeat 2X 
YIKES!!!  You know what I like?  
I keep it hype, the words that I write  
I rock the whole crowd, I don't need a mic  
I say my rhyme LOUD, with all of my might
Verse One:
People say that nigga CRAZY, I'm throwin off
I raise my voice up then, GO OFF!!
The king of different, titan of screamin chantin louder than
A hundred people clappin  keep them fuckin speakers crackin
Rockin it, about to ROLL
The sticker on the tag can't make it ragged
Vocals that'll blow horns til your ass in traction
Disgusting like that bell on your bike with the basket
BLING BLING comin through, not excuse me
I'm the nigga that's makin this loud ass music
Chorus
Verse Two:
The doctor slapped my ass, so I've been hollerin since an infant
Gotta make sure they hear me cause I wants my attention!
Disturb the class, so I stayed in detention
Couldn't whisper when I was talkin so they sent me to the office
The principal say, "Young man what seem to be the problem?"
Said, "I try to be quiet but I just can't seem to lower the volume"
"Hmm, what's your name?" -- "Michael Tyler"
"Perhaps you'd be interested in joining our school choir?"
Said, "Nah that's for funny boys"
"Either that or a suspension," while you roll, HERE I COME BOY
I wanna holla, but I gotta try: *clears throat*
DOE RAY MI FAH SOH!  Ahh no!
That ain't gonna cut it, that ain't gonna get it
Then the teacher said, "Maybe you can try something ath-letic"
But I'm too clumsy so I went to the band
But I made more noise honkin than I did when I was playin!
YIKES!!!  That ain't workin so I'm leavin
The very next day I was in ROTC
Had no problems soundin off like I had a pair, THREE FOUR
But I just ain't like them tight ass green pants that I had to wear
All this ? made me tired, on top of that
One of my teachers wanna see my ass outside
I went downstairs to the yard
When I got there I seen my teacher with about eight fine broads
I said, "You lookin for me?  I'm the one who be talkin loud"
She said, "Damn, nigga we need you on our cheerleadin squad"
HELL NO, never ever Trevor
Either that or a report card filled with the F letter
GO, TEAM, FIGHT, WIN
Nah this shit ain't cool, FUCK THESE TEACHERS AND THIS SCHOOL
Got a loud mouth but I don't know what to use it for
'til they told me that they was gon' put me in the TALENT SHOW
Chorus
* lots of repetitions of YIKES!!! Y-Y-Y-YIKES!!! *Smoke something niggas
This one go out to all the niggas that be getting loaded
All the ladies that be getting loaded
Score it up, roll it up, blow it up
I'm bout to let you niggas know something
'fore you get mad and throw something
Bitch you better smoke something
If it's on your chest, get's rid of that mess, for the end of that stress
Nigga told me that's sess was the best, so I got's to test
It's all in the roll, fuck how you hold it
If you didn't notice that I was fucked up, y'all niggas ain't loaded
Speakin' of myself I'm just a rap writer
But before I get my nerves bad, let me go get my -- let me go get my lighter
Blaze up a swissa full of herb, shut the door, shut the window
Close the gate, get the phone out, I don't want to be disturbed
I'm on too but I'm in my own home
High as Cheech N Chong, in my own zone, smokin' homegrown
Smoke all over this motherfucker
But never would have knowed it, if I wasn't loaded
So come and take a walk with me
Get spark with me *inhales* what a brought with me
See ya'll nigga can't find this, niggas be moving in slow motion
Smokin' that  Bionic Chronic
And ain't no weed like Bo-Weed
No four like that score
I be screamin but yall know what I'm fiendin' for
Nigga you wanna know something?
Fuck the dumb shit, nigga you better smoke somethingRedman: Yo, I need to wait
Mystikal: Tarantula, tarantula, boof!, handle yo' bidness then nigga
Redman: Mystikal waddup nigga!
Mystikal: Whaa', wassup dog!
Method Man: Funk Doctor in this mother-fucker
Redman: Right he-eere
Method Man: And I'm shitty ass Meth, and we gone do what the fuck we gotta do
I get it started for you, I get it started for you
Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me
I get it started for you, I get it started for you
Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me
Yo, yo, yo..
If school was pussy, I wouldn't miss a day
Big John Jay slay around the way, fish fillet
Taste the truth, ay' no more lies like Michel'le
Keep my kids frost like they was born in east L.A
Told yo' buy yo' weed by the ounce, twins lets bi-dounce
That shit they talkin' don't add up, I say what get down
Can't stop drop, can't flock, most of all I can't stop
Wreck my hand-cuffs and fightin' bullies in the sandbox
Method-cal, Mystikal, Oh yeah that's my man Doc'
Whoopin' she shoulders, WHA!, hit you with the lamb chop
Throw 'em up, slow 'em up, like the wic blow 'em up
Chick showin' butt, half of y'all ain't even know nuts
Cause I'm, I'm comin' dirty like duzum
Come on, like Buzz Lightyear lets get our buzz on
The ladies in the club, like "where the dollars at?"
They babies be at home like "where my momma at?"
When the twins track on, you can't talk you bark on it
Doc's yo' walf on it, sometimes get lost on it
America's Most No Time a Car woman
Timberland's and Nike Air's in the fog runnin'
We job huntin', with no I.D.'s
Plus my coke carry all the minerals I need
I'mma flow top speed, my crew fight it out
Like in-door hot beat, it's war when I bleed
Sugar come here, throw that ass in the air
I leave blood guts and, broken glass everywhere
I write with "bear" hands, but I'm a gorrilla
Broke out the zoo, with Mystikal and my nigga
Fuck y'all for wrong me, I'm inside of a Ridder
With fat chicks arguing, Who's body is bigger?
I'mma get my smoke on, I'mma get my freak on
Rims get they poke on, here's some more dope to choke on
I get it started for you, Soon as I get'cha cause
I know that you was waitin' for me, I know that you was waitin' for me
So when you come you better, have your fuckin' back cause
You know it could get ugly for me, you know it could get ugly for me
I tried to tell you but your ass didn't want to listen so bitch
Now I got to show you somethin', now I got to show you somethin'
It's capital M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L you mother-fucker, L you mother-fuckcer
No pussy my temple band, no weed or my nerves shot, no money no concert concert
You don't get no deposit back, man these niggas can handle that
Who in the fuck is you playin' wit', playin' wit'
I'm sorry it can't change, you probably can't hang
The sounds I like James, HEY!
I rap fast and kick ass, and kiss my ass
Mystikal, Redman, Method Man, nigga Yeaaaaaah!
Whoo! Freestyle session nigga
I'm jumpin' the mother-fuckin' south if you ain't hype, bitchFuckin right I'm hip-hop
I hoe hop, I'm funky as a pair of Reeboks with no socks
I'm hot like a nigga watchin a big titty bitch with no bra
I'm tight like them twistin up under the 6 with no top
I've been up all night
Writing like a motherfucker cluck with no clock
Been platinum and I'm still stompin
Rock jam-packed concerts and bitch filled parties
Done had them standin more than a hot comb when I perform
Gotta em feelin like they in Saigon when they hear what I got
I got funk
No Limit legitimate respect the man of power
I turn your motherfuckin thunderstorm into scattered showers
Yo Bam, bitches can't get down
Like me and the Pound can, we ain't gotta bring up SoundScan
I come into focus when they all starin
I turn your fuckin head and, spin your fuckin ball bearings
Hit the antenna so they all scatterin
Believe that cause I'm tellin you
They don't challenge what they can't handle
M-Y-S-T-I
Smoke spinach, eat chicken, shit bullets, SPIT FIRE
I'm above you like the sky
Like the clouds like the Gods like the birds and the pilots
You know why I'm here, come to say it loud
For the one-thousand nine-hundred and nine nine
To infinity and BEYOND
Now.. now.. now.. now.. bitch
Respect my motherfucking mind
Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you think
Bitch I kill you
Respect my fucking mind
Fuck what you think, fuck what you feelin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my mind
Fuck what you think, fuck what you feelin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my fucking mind
Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you
I said BITCH I KILL YOU
Back-bending, That's That Nigga spinning
Y'all done feeling my line before I finish my SENTENCE
This microphone's for holdin
I don't give a fuck, as quick as you bring them niggas
Then that's how fast them niggas get FUCKED OVER
No prisoners at no time
I'm so advanced I put your ass in the blender
With my OWN rhyme, bitch say, "Damn that nigga tight!
I heard what he did to that other rapper that other night
And Dawg that shit wasn't right!"
I'm nothin nice in the shinin lights
No band, no choir, just me and my fucking Nike's
But am I missing something?  FUCK NO
I got the whole crowd bucked up, "UH OHHH!"
I smash a rapper into smithereens
Make him spill his beans
Then I'm running with the guillotine
Diss on my rhymes bitch and diss on my records
Diss on my moms bitch you gon' respect it!
Respect my fucking mind
Fuck what you thinkin, fuck what you feelin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my mind
Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my mind
Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my fucking mind
Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin
Bitch I kill you
Respect my mind
Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you
Respect my fucking mind
Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you! No Limit
  Naughty!
 Da bomb Ill
  Mystikal!
 IllTown
  Da Big Eazy..  HAH!
]
Dirty South, Dirty Jerz, nigga fuck what ya heard
Your talk words don't serve while we slang on the curb
We take it from a fuckin fight to a stage and a mic
If I don't take the limo bitch I'm pushin a bike
* 2X - last line replaced with YEAYY-YAY! *
Us big niggas get pussy while songs get cooked
Fuck rough rhymes get hooked and young minds get shook
Duck, don't rock, don't break, don't bend, don't fall
Not gon' play, don't fake, don't stop to rest don't pause none
Top dough top pro on bitches
Chop funk, not gon' bitch ass niggas
I wring they neck and slap they fuckin mouth
I run laps around the Superdome
Breast stroke the whole Mississippi to represent THE FUCKIN SOUTH
That's right, I said it!
I'm the fuckin boxer in your face is where I'm headed
Blaow, you gotta whole lot of nerve dissin the.. South
We ridin all the way to Jersey
We gon' keep up, but you keep on, keepin on
Y'all gon', keep on, gettin the fuck on, bitch get gone!
Y'all heard me?  Mystikal and Naughty
New Orleans and Jersey!
Yo, yo, yo
I heard somebody wantin Naughty to get raw, ha
I dismantle your fuckin crew just like Apartheid, nigga ya heard?
There's No Limit no gimmicks, to the shit I spit
Ain't no magazine you know could count these mics I rip
Comin straight from Jersey, motherfuck all those who curse me
I'm, running through you niggas like Jackie Joyner Kersee
Now, how many niggas comin better than this?
Naughty By Nature puts it down on some veteran shit
And chins I devour, while fuckin at your baby shower
Spittin lyrics on you a hundred miles an hour
Our Zoo got no problems gettin physical
Naughty By Nature down with Mystikal, you bitches foul
You get your ass kicked when your only assets is ass bets
You cry quicker than Angela Bassett, cause your cassette
I'll trash it, like potatoes, beets, I'll mash it
Bust dust to dust and turn ashes to ashes in masses
I'm massive mashing bastards faster
Question bout my pimping tell your bitch to ask it
Chip-chop like all tops the store stops 
Cause I'm raws likes strawberries on shortstops 
The Beast from the East, the big future for the pharoah
Diss my crew, do some spine travel on gravel
Some fuhrilla shit, go and, peel your shit
I want my, scrilla quick, on some gorilla shit
Rhyme illest, no mimic, no quit it, gon' feel it
IllTown, divine mill it, No Limit, fuck the spillage some
Hear my shit and go and switch they style
While I get down and wild with MystikalMichelle Elizabeth Tyler
Michelle Elizabeth Tyler
Michelle Elizabeth Tyler
Michelle Elizabeth Tyler
Michelle Elizabeth Tyler
There we go right there, ok were on the air
Let's go
We grew up with showbusiness on our mind
In hope to make a big name
That's why me and my sister was a stiff competition
Show off when company came
Now my Lil' cousin wasn't shy see but in front of the rest of the family
Shake that ass!
Although my sister was the one with the beautiful voice
I still had to go last
Everybody waitin' on me to cut a fool so they could laugh and act goofy
I either came in the room when ain't nobody gonna see the Michael Jackson and just act stupid
But lately, me and my people ain't been havin' too many family groupin'
Or maybe, itchin' for sometimes heard a sweet melody of my baby whoopin'
You was there through the struggle
And shortcomings tryin' to reach the big picture
I'm tellin' ya
It hurt when you plan on showing somebody love and
When it's time to do it, they can't be with you
I'm feelin' guilty to tell you things been better since you been gone
Well no matter
How much you fake something and front it ain't the same when you ain't home
I'ma miss you forever, forget you never
But you gonna see the world through my eyes
And live what I endeavor
So, if you can see me way up in Heaven, over the clouds
You can be proud of your little brother, so look down and smile
Shine my lady, I miss you baby
For your my baby, my love is crazy
You're my sister, I'll always miss you
No one can get ya', 'cause God is with ya'
Shine my lady, I miss you baby
For your my baby, my love is crazy
There's no other, it's from your brother
Your son and mother, 'cause we all love ya'
All the sad songs in the world
Probably couldn't express how much I miss my baby
I just thank God that I had a big sister
The 29 beautiful years that he gave her
Even the days when I misbehaved
And I knew she was gonna get that belt to pop me
I could see the aggravation in your face when
My momma said that they had to watch me
“Michelle, if you go somewhere, take Michael with you”
Know what that meant
All up and down I was gonna try to find out how your time gonna be spent
'Cause I was too hard-headed
Everywhere you said “Don't go”, that's where I went
Always flipping, jumping around like a jackass
Somewhere climbing a fence
Bring me my Rocking Robin, my double dutch bust
She had some songs to sing for us, we had some name brands to discuss
Plus, I want to tell her I was sorry for leaving the toilet seat up
And not cleaning out the tub, and leaving peanut butter and jelly
And drinking out the Kool-Aid jug
I pissed you off, burned you up
When you told me: “Cut that music down”, I turned it up
Bickering conflict cuss each other out is how we showed our love
You was my flesh and blood, we was brother and sister
And it meant so much
Now I'm doing it, you supposed to be here
We supposed to be writing songs together
I'm telling ya', that girl tore talent shows up
With old Tina Marie records
What you left us with, never be in vain
You gonna be shining, and they gonna know your name
Too many damn things left unexplained
But since you was an angel down here
Then an angel there you shall remain
And that's always until my time
You're my strength, you're my light
Shine
Shine my lady, I miss you baby
For your my baby, my love is crazy
You're my sister, I'll always miss you
No one can get ya', 'cause God is with ya'
Shine my lady, I miss you baby
For your my baby, my love is crazy
There's no other, it's from your brother
Your son and mother, 'cause we all love ya'
Shine on, shine on
'Cause we do miss you
There's no other like you
Shine on, shine on
'Cause we do miss you, oh you
Oh yeah, oh, ohh 
Oh yeah, oh 
Oh yeah, oh, ohh 
Oh yeah, o-oh-oh-oh 
Oh yeah, oh, ohh 
Oh yeah, oh  
Man these niggas...
They might have to learn the hard way
Y'all gon' learn
Mystikal, Snoop nigga, Silkk the Shocker nigga
 
Nah! Come on come on
Come on nah, come on
Come on come on
Come on 
Nah!
I'm quick to bang bang bang, pop pop pop
I'll kick in the fuckin door before I knock knock knock
You gon' duck duck duck when I buck buck buck
Actin bad bad bad and I'm fuckin somethin up
Lay yo shit down, I'm comin to get down
Count my money, 20,000 dollars times my shoe size when I get  down
To a big eyed, big pussied big bootied bitch I'm cute
But to a motherfuckin buster I'm a sabretooth
I'm comin to get you, ain't no savin you
I'm five times stronger than the hate for niggas in the heart
Of David Duke
I take your style from ya, and your pride from ya
I turn ya upside down, shake the dope out you
And take your high from ya
I'll bless ya, way before the ha-choo
Can't nobody fuck this bitch up like I do
 X 6
Let's go do it! Nah!
Let's go do it! Let's do it!
I'm at my pad actin bad and my bitch got me mad
But I'm gon let my khakis sag and continue to mash
Blue flag around my head, gold tank on my chest
Motherfuck y'all niggas talkin shit out west
I'm down south hustlin, crushin, bustin on punk busters
I know them niggas wanna rush us, but can't touch us
When y'all see us, a hundred thousand deep, duck us
I keep a can of repellent for you suckers, motherfuckers
What the fuck y'all figure?
Big Snoop Dogg, yeah I'm still that same old nigga
Gang bangin, P don't mind, I feel ya
Dogg Pound crip on mine, and I kill ya
If you cross that line, it's a thin line
Between the nine millimeter and that hairline
Trigger, nigga, cap peelers and drug dealers
Real niggas feel us, especially them bonafide cold hard killers
Now I know y'all niggas don't want us to get things crackin
With all that jaw jackin you bitch ass niggas keep yappin
I'm slappin niggas in they face for the nine eight
Let's go do this Mystikal, what the fuck we waitin for nigga?
Get up, like a robbery, nigga fuck fuck
That's real cuz after I rob a nigga, what what
Y'all don't want no problems with us us
Problem here, let them niggas go, followed by a buck buck
So forget what you sayin nigga fuck you and fuck who you with
You shoulda know motherfuckers, who you were fuckin with
Silkk the Shocker motherfucker, that's my last time
Made Man, motherfucker, little brother of the Last Don
Niggas talkin about you got beef with this nigga
All hoods talkin about you better have a meet with this nigga
How could I beef with this nigga?
Cuz that's that nigga,  That's that nigga
 Everybody talkin about
 That's that nigga
I can sleep with my heat, I can even sleep with a freak
I can do a lot of things, I just can't sleep with no beef
Like you can't eat with no teeth you can't rob the police
Just like you can't cook with no heat
When I get to comin, ain't no comin wet
When I get to bustin, fuck all y'all, ain't no comin back
See you shoulda known, I wasn't scared of no nigga
All Mystikal and Snoop gotta say is one thing
Talk about, let's go get emUgh camera rolling
Shouldn't a did that
Me and Busta Rhymes
(Busta Rhymes and Mystikal Nigga
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Bitch I'm on a mission
Not the one to be mixed up from this nigga and that nigga
Hundred percent, full blooded natural, rap whipper
Ass kicker, mad spliffer, back flipper
That much colder than the last nigga
Come from my pops so y'all ain't fucking with me
I come to get down, its time to get down
I think u chicken bust a cap
I'm the one mixed with Duggery and Master P Ugh!
Mystikal and Busta Rhymes
Ohh shit the shocker and the guillitine
Down, now put my gun on fire
One eight zero zero can't nobody fly
Like the cotton off your bottem then its gotta be me
Late at night, lights out, you in a perminent sleep
Ain't many of these niggas coming harder than me
Flip Mode, No Limit, who you thought it would be?
Wacha want nigga?
Wacha need nigga?
We gonna give it to ya
Untill u bleed nigga
Now where my live niggas?
Where my live bitches?
This for my live niggas
This for my live bitches
Now wacha want nigga?
Wacha need nigga?
We gonna give it to you
Untill u bleed nigga
Now where my live niggas?
Where my live bitches?
This for my live niggas
This for my live bitches
Contact we will bomb that All I know is they will make a nigga
We will omb back when we contact For better or worse
Make a niggas heart sweell up and burst
You know one of my niggas busting shots first
Bust another shot off into the earth
Leave a nigga stressed Feeling the pain of a women giving child birth See now a days everywhere we go we'll carry ya
Even when we swinging with bitches down at the Mariot
Chickens that will bust back on you and the ferries that
Waiting for me to marry ya Ride up in my chariot
Sorry but I ain't having it Thinking u can roll cause you wearing a
Little glamour and acting all irogant
Bitch Nigga Beet it like Micheal and fuck up you cycle
Blast you with my grandfather's rifle
I'm great to stifle
Bitch Create a crises your paying the prises
With the devil you was never richeous
I think i might just, hit you now?
You know u can fold here, niggas know it ain't all there
Prepare for warfare, niggas is everywhere
Fuck with my niggas we are double there
Flip Mode nigga you'll find trouble here
Tipsy and turning, crispy and burning
Hoping and learning You yerning to take hold of a niggas burning
Reps for every grain of salt from every street corner
The ones you wanted from Brooklyn to the south of the border
No Limit and Flip Mode in this bitch
While Mystikal and Busta Rhymes be straight busting your shit
I want another side of fries with my poppa's chicken and bisquit
Take the wall out
Fall out I'm not playing with these dumb bitches
What you doing if your riches don't fit ya?
Ball playing and
Swinging on a track
We some big old niggas
Not some dead old niggas
Bitch you trying to do something
I'm gonna get on with ya
I'm scratchy!
You can't match
I'm known for getting nasty
With my ciggerette ass
Once I get this fucker started you can't stop
Oww you done fucked up now
Mystikal and Busta Rhymes like Dolomite and Red Fox
They frightened of the braids, running from the dread loxUne fois de plus Mystik change la tendance
Change les habitudes comme celles du fils du roi
Qui croyait être seul à goûter lettres et sciences
T'as 7 secondes pour rentrer dans le truc, capter le dièse
Y a trop de frères qu'on éduque
Le but c'est de dire tout haut
Ce que tout le monde en pense tout bas
En français ou même en munukutuba
Je rentre dans le rap comme dans un bon sarouel
Ya foy moi je fais ce que j'ai à faire chez MacCoy
Et je crois en Dieu chez moi y a pas de vaudou
Sur le beat j'en vaux deux aka tchoukouroukoundou
Je vais au charbon et j'assume
Comme cette jupe qui se retrouve seule parmi 77 pantalons
Ton hip-hop prend une douche au vestiaire moi j'sors
On veut tous la maille pour s'en sortir
Dire le contraire à quoi ça sert
Si tu veux la carte de résident
Je suis le putschiste qui trompe la sentinelle pour piquer le président
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un bandit
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un salaud
Tu piques avec ta musique
Moi je dors pas, oh! tu es un salaud
Tu viens chanter à mon oreille sans avoir peur
Tu es un gêneur
Je suis celui qui s'introduit dans ta moustiquaire sans rendez-vous
Ceux que j'ai piqués me disent mais tu es fou ou tu t'en fous
Je suis comme la poisse j'arrive quand on m'attend pas
Quand tu entends "Ingui", c'est M.Y.S.T.I.K
Simple comme un bon sample
, prends exemple mon poil se fait rare
Pense à ta quinine
, je suis le moustique qui te taquine t'empêche d'être peinard
Sans entourloupe, je suis le mec qui fait effet
Qui débarque dans le rap tel un cheveu dans la soupe
Je te donne la fièvre qui te fait fendre les lèvres
Pour que tu ne puisses plus manger la chèvre
Yeah mistigri, yeah misticra
Je te jure l'avenir nous appartient, tu verras
C'est vrai pour l'instant,
on a la zique tout l'monde est cadavéré
Je rappe jusqu'à brûler les mesures, encore un KO
Je fais quécro tonton du bled Zao
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un bandit
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un salaud
Tu viens dans le rap sans rendez-vous
Tu es un filou avec ta mines tu contamines
Tu donnes la bonne mine
Tu crois que le truc c'est quoi?
C'est dire au zinc' que dans la zone c'est la merde, ça m’intéresse pas
Lui dire « crois en toi pour t'en sortir », ça ça m’intéresse plus
En plus sur cette terre faut plus qu'on soit des minus
Chacun prend son train si Dieu veut on se verra au même terminus
Le but c'est de bousculer la vie
Ouvrir des portes pour que mes potes de l'Ame du Razwar puissent donner leur avis
Donc je fais du rap pour faire croquer si t'es OK
Dis-le autour de toi, fais l'perroquet
Mais toi, si tu as beau m'dire ce que tu veux
Je sais que chez toi je gêne
J'te pique comme un moustique dans la moustiquaire
Que de nouveaux génies, on va pas se gêner
Avant d'béwou on prend et on lâche des bonnes choses aux jeunes
Je reste vrai sans jouer de rôle, en jean survèt'
Pas d'amerloque, ici on le fait à la bonne kainfrette
Avec la réalité d'ici, décidé, des idées y en a
Y en a qui m'appellent Mobebissi
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un bandit
Mystik, Mystik, tu es un salaud
Tu es dans les bacs
Tu es dans les boites et tu es dans les casques
Je vais t'accuser au tribunal chez monsieur le juge
Mystik, Mystik, oohMan, them niggas can't fuck with you, man, fuck them niggas man
I know, I, I, I know
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't
Fuck with my damn self
I know, I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me I
I know y'all niggas
Ungh, got-damn it took a nigga
Thirteen motherfucking years through this shit
Bruh, I been rappin since La-Di-Da-Di some fucking where
I know y'all niggas I know y'all niggas I know y'all niggas
Aw shit, it's on nigga
I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
See can't nobody fly, through the swamp and bayou, like I do
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me and they can't but they try to
Some niggas just need to be warned
It's gonna be harder to get it up on a my own
Nigga go ring the alarm
Matter fact better know what it take
For the back of your head to hit that grass
Let' s get this straight from the jump
I ain't playing with your bitch ass
These outside niggas that run to the mic better come clean
Fuckin with that Saudi Arabian
Desert Storm veteran 12th ward offspring
I'm runnin these niggas to the jets
To the hills, to the back of the tracks
A-A-ask them hoes, did I do that?
I'm coming boisterous with 5 million switches
I'm the man with single and double and triple
And four five six time them bitches
I'm the nigga with the go head, fuckin your bitch up in your bed
Standin 5 foot 'leven dick crooked like a roach leg
Much bone and I don't fail a test
Little nigga fuck hoes both sides of the river
I can't be fucked with, you can't touch this better grab hold
Bitch I'm so cold I'm like a 24 year-old north pole
Give a fuck about these raggly ass hoes
Grippin my nuts as I strut in my baggy ass Girbauds
Makin em stop,  pause, Like Jubilee All
I'm harder than a nigga watchin' Janet Jackson in draws
But if ya catch me on the tv, or the radio spell it
M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L
y'all ain't ready though
I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
So Mystikal, in your own words could you explain your style?
I gotta get a rhyme that can tumble through the air like a Rambo spear
See y'all can stop lookin at another nigga
Face cause bitch the man right here
You nigga didn't think that I could swing mine
Bitch I'm doing bad and saying rhymes at the same time 
Talking behind my back don't make me no nevermind
Cause all you can say is I'm smarter than Einstein
I'm fire like Cayenne
You'll never catch me cause I'm swift as a hyena
Gimme the chance I'll rock the lakefront arena
Like Teena Marie be rockin Tipitina's 
Tall dark strong long and lean ain't nobody comin cleaner
It's all in the way I lay my game down
Watch me swing with the gillotine rollin round nigga town
But everybody think these niggas be wantin me
To prove that I'm the man
Bitch I'm colder than a freezer, cooler than a fan
I got no love for no b-i-e-otch
Matter fact's been that way since I was wearin osh kosh b'gosh
But yet y'all steadily trying to squab bout me
When I come in this door the only thing y'all can do is talk about me
Better get some business about yourself that's what you better do
Matter fact I'm a tell you mother fuckers three things I'm a never do
One never gonna change my style
Two never gonna bounce
, three never gonna bow
I'm gettin tired of being sick and tired
Nigga you got a problem with me gettin' high
Suck big dick and die
Same rhyme phrase get me paid, they can't fade
The tan shade man with the braids
Bitches peep as I creep through the 12th ward
I done offended these niggas compare me
To niggas that gotta practice looking hard
Bitch-a won't leave me alone
I'm not that Thug and I'm not that Ruggish but I do pack Bone
Black prince of the south that's my title
Bitch I'm whoo chka ckha oooooww! bad like Michael
I'm throwin rhymes at a steady flow
 whoo there they go y'all niggas ain't ready yo
I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health
I know y'all niggas can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self
Bitch I pimp hoes instead of an army petty shit it don't harm me
Bitch I'm entertaining like Cedric and I'm mac like Bernie
I'm black like Menace and I'm g like Slimm
I'm Sporty like T and I'm smooth like Tim
I can click just like the boot camp but I'm conscious like daughter
Bitch I'm insane but um, you still be wantin
To claim that I'm your partner
I'm Down just like Bust plus I'm Ice just like Mike
And I'm the living lyrical miracle I'm just ice like precise
I'm the invisible man you blind you can't see shit
Picture I got more bitches on my dick than bitches at FREAKNIKUh oh, whutcha want whutcha gon do nigga
It's the man right Chea
I know yall nigga ain't fuckin wit me, you lookin for me
If you gonna be down with me
Be all the way down with me, or get from around me
You see what I'm doin but don't like it
Even though everybody and their momma bout it bout it
Our concerts crowded, crowding used to be down but now you doubt it
You fuckin' well right
We real over here, we real on the No Limit mountain
2 million records and countin'
So how the fuck is you soundin'
Nothin but legends, true multimillionaires 'round me
SoundScan be astounded
We sellin, y'all drownin
Black owned and clownin
CDs from the corner
Told yall I was gonna do it
But you didn't wanna see it
Wasn't worried about a nigga
Till I was leavin
Now, come here, let me show you the difference between a man and a ho 
It's the man right chea 
Here I go
Whutchu want do nigga
It's the man right chea
Chastise and brutalizing, stop 'em from dissin
If I'm in it I own it, put the keys in ignition
I hope your seatbelts get fastened
I'm known for massive harassing
Havin to snatch your ass off the mic
Grab ya and slap ya
Psh come here, psh shut up
I know you ain't gonna do it no more
You sayin my name you must be lookin for me
Here I go!
Whutchu whutchu want do
Whutchu gonna do
We can do it whenever however you want to
Entrepreneur soldier guns galore
Watch em burn bitch burn like a flame thrower
Rock it all sharp as a bull's horn
Long, strong as a python, whores they get they fight on
Soon as I cut my mic on
Niggas getting humped or stumped
Fumbling mcs I crumble
Come through like the reaper
So deadly you don't wanna rumble
That's right don't panic, Mystikal the mechanic
Sank you like a torpedo gigantic as the Titanic
Rhymes I'm hummin keep hummin
I'mma keep comin
Grabbin ya woman
But the drummer still drummin
Hard hitter, bullshitter, head splitter when bitter
Assassinate a rookie killa
Like Adolph Hitler
A Mandingo warrior
Opponents get crushed
I'm too cruel to be moved
Too fuckin much to be touched
Got em danglin and janglin
To that shit when they hear this
Fight me like a Viking, bitch I'm tragic like a terrorist
You think you don't like it but I have yet to begin
You'd rather be my enemy cause I'mma deadly friend
So stay the fuck from around me do I make myself clear
Unless you lookin for the man
Cause the man right cheaY'all bitches... get cha mind right
Get cha get cha mind right
Get cha get cha mind right
G-get cha mind right, get cha mind right
Get cha get cha mind right, get cha mind right
Get cha get cha mind right..
I'm tryin to do my thang like a rap star
Tryin to stay clean, make my ends, and avoid the game but it's hard
Cause I can ball dope and get paid like a motherfucker
Gotta be another way to pay T. Tucker
Used to roll twenties by the ounce 
But poppa got a brand new mag it's called BOUNCE
Crackers wanna label me a nigga man, but I'm a bigger man
I'll say, "Fuck David Duke I'm the Trigger Man!"
It's the new Southern train goin round
I started in the St. Thomas, then it moved to Gulf Town
Saturday night was the time but - where your gat?
Niggas get WILD when they hear :Where-dey-at? Where-dey-at?"
You bitches tryin to pussy-pop
Me and Herb slang tapes ten dollars a WOP
I got the tape that you NEED, the tape that you WANT
Slangin tapes out the CLUB and tapes out the TRUNK
When them Trigger Man be a story
Take it to the St. Thomas rock another block party
DJ Irv had that shit bumpin
T.T. Tucker had the 10th Ward JUMPIN!!
The whole project full of hoes
But if a nigga jumps stupid I'm blast ya
Who put the fuckin thing together?
ME! That's ME! That's who!!
I told you don't fuck with me
Neva gon' bounce, neva, neva gon' bounce
Oooh, see I'm the one that they talkin bout
Drop a little red tape in the store and it sold
And my pocket got swoll from the shows
I bought a little more gold and fucked a lotta more HOES!
All them bitches know whazzup 
Shit, they heard me on the radio, boot up or shut up
"Where-dey-at?" hittin dead home
If it wasn't bumpin in your ride it was bumpin in your headphones
No it ain't goin to my had cause I ain't gon' let it
Damn it feel good gettin sweated, hehehehe
Uptown, downtown, cross the river
Don't matter I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga, the nigga nigga
One brick object 
Couldn't keep my motherfuckin ass out that project
Shit, that's when it happened 
5-0 busted in there was a raid and I was captured
Alright, all you niggas on the floor right now!
DOWN!  Get out the way!
Ay man, why you fuckin wit me?
I'm the fuckin boss, I put this shit together!
I tol' you that {*punch*} shut the fuck up!
I don't give a fuck who you are get your ass on the floor!
Man calm down, calm down
Yo T.T. don't trip 
Cause when them laws let you loose, boy we gon' handle this
See you gon' get your shot at limelight
But in the meantime in between time keep your mind right
 For what?
(Narcotics, homicide, shopliftin warrant!
So much shit I can't finish.)
This call concludes this minute {*dial tone*}
(Hello? Hello?
BITCH! You gon' hang up on MEEEEE??!!!!!)
Alright 
Shake that ass, never gonna....Da da da daah
Da da da daah
MC's!
Da da da daah
Da da da daah
Yaah!
 X 8
Yaah! 
Break my joint, cut my tongue off if I ain't tight
Put a bullet in my head take my life and let me die if I ain't fire
Cut me up feed me to the roaches, let me rot if I don't rock
Let me go to hell, burn, sizzle and simmer if I don't deliver
Pull my hair out if I sell out
Bury me on my stomach without no drawers on at all if I don't go off
Or either lethal injection or straight electricity
Let the garbage man pick me up and get rid of me
If I lose creativity
Let me get forced into sexual activity
Let me get turned out by three skank freaks if I don't bust to
The utmost of my ability
Take my head if I say it and don't feel it
Stop selling my record, give me the money back nigga
If I don't sell at least a million
Cut my dick off if I get down and don't get off
Crush my spine and cave my chest in if I come 
If I ain't bad for my age and kick ass for my size
Close my fuckin eyes if you can stop me from sayin or keep me from playin
 X 16
Snap my pencil, dislocate my fingers and jam my thumb
I ain't gon' write no more, tear my papers, strip clothes if
It don't ship gold
Take my blessed, Baptist Holy Ghost Christian soul
If it take less than a year of playin my records and tapes
Before they can say my shit old
If it don't bang, take me out the game, call me out my name
Put me out my house, beat me out my change
Let em read my poem and tell em to seal my doom
When I'm dead read bitch ass nigga in the ground
Written across my tomb
Let the breeze take my leaves if my trees don't bloom
Put me in the sun and cut my air supply
If I give these niggas breathin room
If what I'm brewin ain't potent
If what I'm doin ain't rollin
Nigga, diss me, make a movie, talk about it on Oprah
Erase my fuckin vocals, burn my fuckin notebooks
Take my fuckin tank from me and give it back to Goldman
I quit, my career's over
Turn me upside down and hang me from my scrotum
Da da da daah
MC's!
Da da da daah
Da da da daah
MC's!
Da da da daah
 X 8
Give me my post office application if I ain't hear from rap
Nothin if they ass ain't shake and they hands ain't clap
Take my happiness if it just so happens I ain't happenin
Let something happen to me if I ain't hardcore at it maximum
Flip the dial change the channel if I can't handle
Forget me if I leave this bitch
Before I put my fuckin Grammy on the mantle
Let my next fifty concerts get cancelled
If I'm scared in front the camera
Then take my fuckin talent, take me from my family
Sneak me, fuck over me if I don't represent Louisiana
Jump my fence if I ain't the prince
Bitch keep me back if I can't keep up with the presidents
If I don't run circles around these other rap guys
Let my momma Benz catch four flat tires
That's what the fuck I'm hearin in my head
Yaah!
That's what keep me going
Yaah!
That's what make me fuck over you
Yaah!
I can't stop that voice
Yaah!Humph, Come on
It's the nigga that get hard than starch in yo fuckin creases
Rip it to pieces
Slicin and dicin and icin em right
With the mic I use
That's as clean as a wild teacher
Eyes stay tight when they fade
To watch swarm bleedin
From out the freeza
Can't you see em? Jesus!
Big tittie Tina boppas out chea catchin Mystikal Fever
Ol you'll be sayin you ain't takin no shit this time
Nigga me neither!
You could leave nigga fuck we don't need ya
Rapper, killer, loaded, beat
Swivel, shark, butchers meat CLEAVER {*knife sound*)
A lot of you niggas believe in walkin a thin line
But when I get through wit cha all I be hearin is awwah!!
Of all maps and adages knocking off hats
Y all know
Act a ass
But don't call me that
Fix yo fuckin shirt
Tie yo fuckin shoe strangs
Jive and Mystikal comin up in the bull dagger
Big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season
Big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s fever
Keep my motherfuckin fist balled up
Case a mutherfucka tryin to start somethin
Takin ginseng got yo lil dick hard makin it harder
Think you gon jump in the ring and go pound for pound with the knockout king?
No shit like that gon happen cause them
Niggas down here ain't gon fuck wit what I bring
You heard the the motherfuckin door open
You heard that arrrr  you know that's me
If it was a wrestlin match you'll be on your back like 1&2&3
Come off the top ropes leave you knocked out wit yo mouth open
And they gon have to take yo ass home and leave you in a hot tub and soak
Bar banga and if you don't want swang
Wit a mic I tell you nigga
I m wild ass a gorilla on chain
Time to flow wit a natural-born go getter
This for my hustlas to ballas, gangstas and cap pealers
Hustlas to ballas
Gangstas and cap pealers
Hustlas and gangstas
Gangstas and cap pealers
Hustlas to ballas
Gangstas and cap pealers
Big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season
Big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal fever
I'll go pound for pound wit the knuckle cuffin motherfucka
Rush em and touch em
Then stand ova his ass and screamin I told you not to start nuthin
I'ma damage ya
You ain't got the stamina
Half the talent to match, to dance wit the tarantula
When I'ma chargin at cha
Niggas be tryin to copy cat
Wanna jump on the mic and do what I do but can't keep up
Ain't no thankin
That'shit gon change
Cause when I drop off Mystikal sound a likes
Gon have to get the fuck off
Crackin they glasses
Smashin they records
Smash and catchin they ass all day and tackle they ass
Tell em all settle shop down close fo sho
Put it down like 1990 M.C. Hammer
I hope
Big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season
Big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s fever
Big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season
Big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever
Aaw oh, aaw oh
These niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s feverIf it ain't live, it ain't me
Oh nigga, I'm too deaf to move a step through shards or slip and slide
Talk back and you get me for cussin', cuttin', bustin' bustin' me
Tried to talk 'em, but they really won't pay it
Found nothin',fuck 'em fuck 'em
Inside, outside, in a state of an abomination
Don't want no confrontations, making me hit you with combinations
Kicking in bloodier faces, compilations, occupations
Back in hibernation, yeah you suffer with complications
Too in to be losin' money, too old to be time wastin'
Man, people that don't even listen to rap still buy my tape
Only Beats By The Pound gettin' down on the drum
Wit' DJ Darryl and Moe, hollywood here we come
If what you are reflects your actions, bitch I'm a man
Ahh, shut up, I don't wanna here it
Cause I'm 'a fade you and your chance
You know what you did was despicable
I sick of you, they call me Mystikal, cause I'm Unpredictable
]
I said what they thought that I wasn't gonna say
I did what they thought that I wasn't gonna do
I knew what they really not want me to know, I'm Unpredictable
Can't fight it, deny it, you're gonna get lost
Sure you can't follow the rhymes that I wrote
No one can stop me, uncover my flow I'm Unpredictable
Man, until you give it your all, you never will know what can happen
From nappy-headed ass Michael, to cold-blooded ass rapper
Sometimes the little kids be listenin'to me
And I'm tryin' to stop the cursin'
Teachin' 'em bad words and then people be gettin' nervous 
Calm down, I'm not that type of rapper you'll see
Besides, I know some of y'all churn out that cursin' better than me
I'm ice-cold baby, I'm zero degrees
I'm like a lumberjack, cuttin' MC's like trees
Choppin' 'em down, knocking 'em down, locking 'em down
Four years, and six months later I'm still on top of the mound
Just more powerfully now, on time for that No Limit sound
Already know what you gonna say before it come out your mouth
Yee got's to stay awake, tidin' y'all no matter whats done
Old style-stealing copycat tried to bite and bit his tounge
You can't fight that feeling, it's irresistable
Never know what I'm 'a do next, I'm Unpredictable
If you thinking the nigga done rolled with a other they'll take you
Nigga you heard wrong
Prime Suspects , Mia X,  Mr. Serv-on
Oh, you want to ride in my Mercedes
But I ain't got no more room in the back 
Whole Gambino Family in their, Kane and Abel and Mac
Got C-Murder, Colonel, the Shocker, you don't want none
Oh hell, O'Dell and VL all of the funk sons
I'm confident, don't come in conceited, ain't got no Big Ed
I'm bad like Fiend, but I B. like Craig
So don't provoke me, if you don't want to get strong-armed
Big Mann and Champ, V-Dog, be worrying might do you some harm
All that ready to put a bullet in your belly-belly
With a four-ten two shells, Boswell and Kelly-Kelly
We ain't faking, making hits and gettin' paid
You can't fade the track that the tank just made
Mystikal, I'm Unpredictable
Shit, anything else is unacceptableBorsalino,
Ritmo de la Noche,
Sinistre,
Bab, Mystik
Time Bomb collaboration ! Rare, rare, rare...
Romeo, India, Tango, Mike, Oscar
De la Noche et L’âme du Razwar
Prétendant faire partie de la lignée du rasoir
Ritmo de la Noche prédit l'année 19, 9, 9, rare
Ma voix pète les ondes FM et faut que ça pète
Allume ton pet' de pollen, c'que je ai-f, je sais qu't'aimes
Tires la taffe, on se baffe, j'mets si tu l'admets
T'es admis, alors demain tu seras malade mec
C'est normal les maladies contagieuses pour ceux qui m'écoutent
L’Âme du Razwar mon logo, un phrasé qui t'envoûte
T'hallucines, j'assassine
Rien d'inhabituel dans mon rituel, rare quand je bassine
Tu narres la vie de rue car dans la vie y'a trop d'atrocités
Un rythme effréné, dans trop de cités
Sous le rythme de la nuit,
intro de cité
Opérationnel, Spe6 rares
Les purs potes c'est peu fréquent
Comme les gens biens que je fréquente
Fréquents comme ceux qui m'aimeront
Avec les tunes que je fréquente
J'sais plus, omets, ma plume est nourrie à l'encre, amère
Déteste les keums, c'est comme le bleu diamant, sourire jaune
Et rare, comme un keuf seul dans ma zone
Ou rares, sont qui prônent une vie sans ces-vi
A part les gars qui canent, demande au cons qu'ont ken'
Un mec bien c'est rare comme un chien sans chienne
Ou comme dire j'ai jamais qué-flan
Tu sais un puceau sincère c'est comme un sex-shop sur les Champs
Rare, obligé de faire avec mec
La lère-ga c'est comme un morbac dans les couilles d'un évêque
Ça part en couilles, les meufs se perdent, des caisses, récupèrent
C'est rare comme un CRS qui est négro, son vrai père
Pire, ça traque le deal alors que ça kiffe le oinj
Et ceux qui mentent sont comme un slip troué sur la corde à linge
"Un gars à la hauteur c'est rare comme une pute à son compte"
"Je reste rare comme un flic sans flingue"
Mon truc il est rare, comme la chance dans nos coins
Rare comme le taff, rare comme le gros piff d'un gars sur le PAF
Comme le rire et le sourire sur vos sales figures
Nos vies de dingues, rare et con comme un braquo sans flingue
Comme un Père-Noël dans nos cheminées, nos cités HLM
La merde, la racaille elle aime, comme des ULM
On plane de la cerisaie aux PLM, méprisés comme Salim
Visés, grillés comme des sorcières à Salem
 comme une salope qui assume
Mes rimes assomment rares comme un flic qui flingue après sommation
 comme un hérétique à Lourdes, technique lourde
On est rares comme la putain de flotte dans ma gourde
 comme un MC sincère, on veut tous la maille
Faut qu'on s'en sorte, dire le contraire à quoi ça sert ?
Le respect se fait rare comme les scrupules dans nos ruelles
On est mauvais et rares, c'est nos vies qui sont cruelles
Qu'est-ce qui peux nous sauver à part nous et nos idées ?
L'amour c'est rare comme un mec honnête au CJD
 bientôt ça pète, écoute le décompte
Un gars à la hauteur c'est rare comme une pute à son compte !Diaherrea mouth muthafucka
Talk shit constantly
Talk so much shit....wipe my mouth with toilet paper...
First Verse:
WHO DAT?
Think they talkin' more shit than Mr. Shit Talker?
Run around, disgustin' muthafuckas make me get Foghorn
Don't make me pick your ass apart like a vulture
Next thing you know I be preparin' these rhymes for you like sculptures
I thought the last seven would have taught'cha
I'm known for remarkable feats with my points in the tape recorder
Mystikal into MC Mad Slaughter
Standin' and I dropped a couple of rhymes and they dropped the charges
I ran 'em by deep margins
How dare you try to compare a fuckin' private to a FIRST SERGEANT?
I come with more rounds than a hundred soldiers when they marchin'
I make more noise than a yard of German shepards when they BARKIN'
Spin the bin, it, will make heads split when they hear them
Shit you get flipped from this MACHINE GUN MOUTH NIGGA
My rhymin' skills be dirty if I wash'em
I keep pepper on my tongue so approach me with CAUTION!!!!
Chorus:
That's MISTER!!!!  Mr. Shit Talker
You fuck with the old
And all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck with the new shit?
That's, Mr. Shit Talker....
FOUL MOUTH SON OF A BITCH!!!!!!!
MISTER!!!!  Mr. Shit Talker
You fuck with the old
And all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck with the new shit?
That's, Mr. Shit Talker....
FOUL MOUTH SON OF A BITCH!!!!!!!
Second Verse:
I fly past ya like you're movin' backwards
You fuckin' good for nothin', no talent, non-rappin' bastard!
I can tell you outta breath, like asthma
I can see clean through ya like CASPER!!!
Done went from ordinary to spectacular
Refuse me then I'm swingin' at you bitches til' I see the platinum
And I bet it make you  mad, ha?
Well brace your fuckin' self cuz it's about to be some shit now
Bet'cha I'ma make a foot a part of ya
Since you tryin' to kick some dust up, got to make it hard for ya
Slow ya down like you drinkin' booze
Started workin' in the studio all night LIKE IT'S THE THING TO DO!!!
Opening act to main attraction
Therefore disrespect is not allowed no form or no FASHION!
Sell my album and I'm still smashin', BLASTIN'
Who the fuck that is, is what they askin'?
Chorus
Third Verse:
I talk more shit than a LIL' BIT!!!
Makin' it rough enough, y'all can sure feel it
Nigga be fussin' that bitch be feelin' faint
Just like a cheerleader I'm bout to  TO THE BANK!!!
And watch, the baddest niggas even gonna shrink
Keep them bitches out my damned face like my breath stank
Starin' at niggas like wet paint
You done ran out of gas that's why your shit don't wanna drank
You hit the charts but you can't stay up
You want a contract, but you don't weigh up
Mic-clutchin', rhyme bustin'
Ain't no fuckin' rushin', cuz I'm perfected to the percussion
Start to finish chorus to the verse
Bout to fight you niggas with FIRE so prepare yourself for the WORST!
If I tell you to take precaution then you oughtta
You ain't heard it til' you heard it from MISTER SHIT TALKER!!!!!
Chorus What you about to hear gone FUCK you up
Because this the first time you ever heard some shit like this nigga
I'm tellin you this shit so off the fucking hook bro
Ya'll man look check this shit out
{Humming in Background} + {"Waaaaaa" in Background}
Mystikal:
Mystikal and Juvenile
Nigga
Say Juvey they don't believe you did the beat bro
Juvenile: What you mean nigga, fuckin right I did this beat
Mystikal: I tried to tell them niggas bro
I come with my own look, my own sound, my own style
Who the fuck you think drawed this crowd
It's the ripper, the clean up hitter
You bitter intimidating young long dick nigga
Now suck it, now suck it, while you around here playa hating
Your woman around here screaming Fuck Me, Fuck Me
Tell me something, don't I put down on my albums
Motherfucka nobody ever told you I was hard as a NFL Helmet
I write 'em, land 'em, plant 'em BAM Nigga can't stand 'em
On top, on sight, heads up, bust 'em at random 
I got the vest out, put the braids back, put on the bandana 
Signed a brand new contract, shot the video in Atlanta
Don't pull me, can't hold me the beat don't move me
You know smokin, drinkin whenever I kick it with Juvey
Back on my own, back on my zone
Feelin better, lookin better
Bout to go get it and bring it back home
A nigga got, got but I won't no more
Cause this time round I come to settle the score
Greedy niggas eat good, but not that long
They wind up with a stomach ache balled up in they home
You better cancel that shit, about you run this here
I ain't seen you on the charts what you done this year
Y'all thought "Project English" was the last of this shit
When I was really only given y'all half of this shit
Fuckin right I made the beat, and I wrote this rap
But a Niggas In the ghetto want to post the crack
Got two Niggas posted watching a bus with macks
Just waiting on the police and Niggas to jack
To people across the nation, thanks for being patient
Ya'll been itching for some G-Shit Huh, I know you waiting
When you cop the cd, get some Herb and Ride
Turn the bitch up real loud so you can feel my Vibe
I got a long way to go, I'm just gettin started
I'm 26 years old and I'm still retarded
I ain't talking about handicapped
I'm talking about the way I talk and Express my rap
You Feelin that
Anytime you say my name make sure it's some good shit
Look I'm not your eldest rapper, I stay on some hood shit
Am I hatin on Cash Money, Now Stop Playin
I respect it How it came, Now I got Game 
I'm all about U.T.P. Family and Kids
And Takin Care of business it the way that we live
I don't need a record deal just give me my props
How many muthafuckas you know keepin it hot
Believe it or not, keepin my spot locked
I got more season than the seafood out the gumbo pot
Now run your mouth and lose your slot 
I make em feed for me like junk is fever one more rock
Ain't this some shit I'm famous and rich 
I got bitches I ain't even Fucked claiming my dick
If thats how it is, I guess we gone see
Is this all about that big truck and U.T.PNo Limit. Soldiers. 
DPGC. Gangstas. 
Look here, you got three crazy muthafuckas
In the same place at the same time
You know this shit gon be off the hook
For my bitches down south
Southern hospitality
From the cold, hard streets of the LBC
To a duet with Mystikal and Master P
Real G's ship keys and shoot dice on their knees
And put pistols to the mouths, of their enemies
Old country ass nigga with a gold in the front
Be the same muthafucka that get your bitch ass stomped
Underestimatin hatin got you knocked out cold
Tryin to play my boy over, you was with your ho
Them South niggas bangin' off the shit that we write
Punk niggas get killed, straight on sight
No Limit ain't no gimmick
It's tragic you know, so don't be meddlin with my boy and my ho
Lay low, hit the floor, I'm back
Yo P, take me to the streets, that's where my heart is at
You make em say ughhhhhhh!
I make em say beeyatch
Together we can flip the script and get grip
You got the crack, I got the bud sack
Mystikal, smack, you got the strap
Deep in that gangsta shit on a night like that
You blast me, I blast you back, beeyatch!
We bout to jump off with some gangsta shit
Gangsta shit!
We bout to hop off with some gangsta shit
Gangsta shit!
Know what, we're bout to jump off with some gangsta shit
Gangsta shit!
Got this fuckin party poppin'
You cappin and army braggin'
Gon keep smugglin in this game shit
"Niggas ain't rappin" what you say about gangsta rappin'
You get killed forever, my nigga, every day
Where you get fucked up nigga, is where you lay
Time again I tried to tell you, but you ain't wanna heard what I say
Damn leather dog bombin'
Done made a mistake
We made  sound so good
Keep that gangsta shit banging up and down your hood
Cause only real gangstas get down and to the bottom
Where y'all going, that much, we'll see right through ya
I'll out hustle ya, can't put up a fight cause I out muscle ya
My really don't give a fuck attitude got ya feelin' uncomfortable
I got that there, nigga you ain't saying shit
I'm colder than a brand new pair of Stan Smiths
Fresher than a whole box of green Altimos
But I got to blow your head off and put bullet holes in your Girbauds
B-O-U-T we bout it
Real gangstas live muthafuckin' rowdy
And where you from is how you come
Where you be or you're at
Fool, watch your back for these gangstas in that black from
Long Beach to New Orleans, from every nigga in the hood to the
Penitentiary
Tryna, survive on these streets
Slangin' dope cause the kids gotta eat
Put it in a car or a plane, Grey Hound or a train
Sixty five when it came, eighty nine when it lay
I'm in love with miss mo mo, candy painted four
Twenty skirt with convertible, fucking polo
Bring the stylins of your talk
I mean real gangstas don't talk
Free your mind and refugee
Alive and turn your cheeks like Pras beYo h-hit that bitch up ah ah coo!
We bout to get smoked out in this bitch here TONIGHT
When the last time you heard that shit? 
DAMN, we been a minute nigga 
Still doin this shit 
Look look look for yall niggas that dont know
Nigga, i really be smokin on my smoking songs 
You can smell it? 
*cough cough* thats that *cough cough* thats real shit ya heard me?
*cough* ooo shit!
Hit this shit foo'
Yah ain't scared huh?
Heh, you can handle it?
Get yo dope, yo pipe, cigar papers, scissors and cut it up
Smoke somethin, sell somethin
Roll somethin if it ain't doja then put it up
I'm bout to let you bitches know somethin
I'm the nigga to holla at if you really tryin to blow somethin
Scope pounds and qb's like they inexpensive
Got cushion northern lights right but no 2pac and Jimi Hendrix
Like the inscence, me run outta weed is that senseless?
For instance, I'ma be around this bitch smokin 'till I got dentures
Three smokin songs each who be charged you know the credentials
I'm in it, four smokin songs I done got
So loaded I forgot to count this ain't no mystery
Yall niggas be lettin that bullshit miss me
You know the history
Been smo-kin move a box of fifties
Leave me high
Leave me tipsy
But won't go gettin that fucked up nigga huh tell me now what's the
Difference?
This that shit
Shit that can't stay won't go off of
This that shit
Cause right ch'yall can't smoke off of
I'm just a rap writer 
Before I get my nerves bad
LEMME GO GET MY, LEMME GO GET MY LIGHT!
Smoke all OVER this motherfucka
BITCH you ain't loaded
Coo!
Boom boom boom boom AT THE DOOR!
You got a problem with me gettin high? suck a dick and die
LEMME GO GET MY, LEMME GO GET MY LIGHT!
*cough* coo!
Yall motherfuckas ain't loaded
Nigga if y'all was motherfuckin loaded like me
You would have yo motherfuckin lighter up nigga
Put your motherfuckin lighters down nigga, and light that bitch upHook
All I hear is what you say,hear is what you say
Ill be on my way
X2
Chorus
Mr Mista can't you see
Sometimes the world just takes a hold of me
Forces my dreams to lead the way
Cause all I see is what you say
But keep your words until they walk my way
Why things gotta be the way they are
Even though you know the outcome
You close your eyes 
And you Believe them lies 
A generation's hope
Well it starts with you and I
They big brother's got my whole street on lock
He's no relation so I pull out the stops
Gotta get my loop on
Like a revolution
Its so confusing but I still have to try
Sometimes you make me wonder why
Why the news gone be about
More war
More death
More poverty
Sometimes you make me wonder why
Why the truth just can't be found
Or why the love don't seem to be
Around
Chorus
Why's it easier to hide behind?
And hold back from what is really on our minds
We need to run, united as one
And then the love around might just be found
Heyy
Excuse me mr Babylon
You seem to have forgotten one
Seemingly Insignificant fact
While you're pondering
People still living in these third world conditions
While you argue who said what, another life goes missing
The truth is that we know why
Witness it in our own lives
Michael said it best it's the man in the mirror inside
Who holds the power to create change and break chains
Yesterdays gone let's start today
Sometimes I don't know where to start
Ohh, it seems I can't do enough we need
More time, more signs
Lets do something worthwhile
I'm on my way, I've got something to say
What we need is more love, more trust
That the difference starts with us
Mr Mista can't you see
Sometimes the world just takes a hold of me 
Forces my dreams to lead the way
Cause all I see is what you say
But keep your words until they walk my way
Chorus
Hook]
MC..  
This is your motherfuckin time nigga, you ready?  
You sho' you ready?  
Fuck that mask we don't need no mask
They know who we is anyway!
What we gon' do, is go in here, handle our business
Take everything and break out
You feelin me?  
Well let's let them niggas have it
This is a stick, up, MC's lay it down
We got the clout in this bitch so don't be fuckin around
Got the rap game locked, spittin what they feelin
Makin all the money, got em say we rackateering
Y'all fearing No Limit, black owned and operated
Uncle Tom's and Lil' Sambo's get annihilated
Y'all ain't tolerated, cause only soldiers ride with T-R-U
On the Tank full of lyricists, hustlers, and gorillas
Killers, and we do what we gotta do to make it happen
All action, all cappin, fuck yappin
Mappin, out the industry, gon' blow this joint
And take the royalties, the publishin and all the points right with us
It's the Black Prince and the Biggest Mama
Shootin sparks from the top of the Billboard charts
Watch out now, don't nobody move, cause you gon' lose
Then we takin everything, cause we brought the right tools
]
Give it up, give it up, or get fucked up
It's gon' happen point blank range, so don't even duck
We lust to bust, turnin bitches to dust
Always your ass if you don't give it up
Black Prince in this bitch with the Biggest Mom of em all
Out of sight, when we unite, like killers and George
Slowly, unlock the safe on the wall
Stop disrespectin the pistol I'm pointin at y'all
Buck buck!  Get down, get on your face or get handled
Bitch keep still 'fore I make an example
Cut up that fuckin remake, and give me that sample
Give me the fuckin recoup, you 'sposed to be payin me!
Bag the loot then, cover the camera
Snatch a fuckin hostage then run out with the manager
Fuck it, gotta have my paper, fortune and fame
Lay it down so the bitches won't forget my name!
{*GUN FIRES*} Listen close motherfucker
If you don't meet my demands, this nigga gon' suffer
This ain't no fucking game, and ain't none of this funny
If you want this nigga to live, then gimme your company!Nigga that's that bullshit, nigga that's that bullshit
They got me fucked up, right now on that bullshit
Nigga that's that bullshit, nigga that's that bullshit
Got us fucked up in here on that bullshit
Nigga that's that bullshit, nigga that's that bullshit
Got us fucked up out here on that bullshit
Nigga that's that bullshit, that's that bullshit
They got me fucked up, right now on that bullshit
Same nigga hump the beat like a pussy
Fuckin' right I put the
dick on the track
Same nigga he just got outta jail
Same nigga that's 'bout to go back
So what the rapper got 90 more days?
Should have never hit that bitch in the head
I know she pushed you and you probably felt played
Better next time you gonna walk yo ass away
Get yo shit together, nigga get yo mind right
Every nigga in here smarter than Albert Einstein lookin' at it from hindsight
Hope this shit starts sankin in before it's a cell you be stankin in
No bitches, no titties, no pussy prints tell my why the fuck you wasn't thinkin' then
I said, "uhhh." The judge say, "'Uhhh' my ass!"
Tell yo people how much that you miss 'em and you love 'em talkin to 'em from behind that glass
Hello Canteen Line, I plan about five racks
Lemme get that in coffee and hygiene, stamps and bugler packs
You're mad cause I'm movin' fast, so you're usin' that
Now you're out here talkin' shit, but bitch I'm used to that
Bitch, I never give up
I said I'll never go back
But judgin' from the way the ball done bounced
I might get to see my nigga Mac
Tryna do me like a low-down dog
Treat me like a hen-pecked freak
A mother like a one legged gimp
Or something like a four-eyed geek
Cause you up in there huffin' and puffin'
Talkin' 'bout I lie and cheat
Bitch I want you outta my house
She said I want you off these streets
Damn! Hold up, sorry baby. Ain't gotta be all that
You know how much I love you. Don't do nothin' crazy
No man, you you ain't gettin' no panties
You might as well pack yo bags
In court, standing next the DA
My brother can't you hear me like kiss my ass
Say goodbye to those shows, and peace out to those beats
Tell 'em how I got you out the truck
Yeah nigga hand over those keys
There you go, take it baby
It's yours darling
Turn the motherfucker sideways
Stuff that bitch where you sit on the toilet
'Scuse me speakin' in tongues
But she forgot about the Charger
I know I shouldn't have never bought the Charger
Now that bitch got me facin charges
I guess it go like that, and it be like that
Momma said knock that lightweight out
81 days you gon be right back
Bitch you tryin' to swing below the belt, ho you tryin' to hit behind the knee
If this were Silence of The Lambs, our troubles would be over. Popo Clarice
Shoo, shoo, shoo. Fly, fly, fly
I repent if you think that this is gonna be the end of me bitch you's a goddamn lie
Hey there mike mike mike man, now that you're my my my
Seen Daddy get off probation, when the restraining come off, I'd love to see y'all come by
Daddy gotta go through the joint just to get to the door
Daddy gotta climb over these hoes just to make it back home to the toil
Now we know that big girls don't pout, and big boys don't cry
Y'all better not fight in this bitch and cry, y'all play nice
Do just as I say, but not as I do
In the house, you start fuckin' up, guess what? I'll whoop your lil bad ass tooI had thought i heard u laughin, talkin trash
Bitch, whats happenin
Start shit but dont take it
Pull it out, put it on your ass
Some of y'all niggas still got the game fucked up this year
But I ain't gonna have it
Tryna talk about anotha muthafucka on a record
And the bitch ain't got no cabbage
Hopin somebody can tell me whats wrong with this picture
Dont think you can put out whateva you want
And I ain't gonna come back in the bitch and come getcha
Imma find out where ya hang at
Where ya old lady live and what time you be there
Go scope out ya ride
Follow ya to work and bring that heat
Duck and whooo! from this fuckin fool
Monkey see, monkey do nigga
So you can't be the man right chea too
Theres none afta this
Not anotha livin M.C. as hazardous
And as talented and handsome, ghetto fabulous
Keep em off my back
Wheneva they comin I bring that double
In a minute y'all niggas dont show no love
Its gonna be trouble
These niggas here get ya name bent
Washed up anybody yall sent
Gotta watch these niggas, they get outta line
I put em in they place every time they nut up
Gotta stop em from spreadin them lies
Bust em in they mouth and make em shut up
Get up! Come here!
Neva seen me cut up, ya must not be from here
Im four and none here
Dont have me to bring up the shit I've done here
Reach blazin temperatures
So please come wit ya sun gear
Whoop the sleeves off of muthafuckas that try to run in here
Serious look on my face
And a boot in my mouth and balled up fists
These niggas dont want my trouble
But its too late for em, gotta accept this shit
Chorus:
U would if U could nigga
U would if U could
U would if U could nigga
U would if U could nigga
U would if U could nigga
U would if U could nigga
U would if U could nigga
U would, but U can't, so U ain't!
From the moment that i slid in the door
They know I'm back cuz you can hear it in the floor
But afta I rap bitches ain't feelin it nomore
Wanna talk that shit, betta kno what to come with
If you jump in the water
Then ya ass betta throw up before i start ballin
And if you eva fuck with what I be recording
Imma flush you down the toilet
And if you eva come at me wrong with a mike
Imma throw you in the gutter
I can't be scared these niggas
And they disrespect me cuz im from New Orleans
We dont play that shit
When these niggas and they really want me to get started
Make it painful cuz I dont think so
I be bustin til I can't
Thats what I where that tank for
Hittin with the speed of Roy Jones Jr
And the strength of Iron Mike Tyson
Triflin, exciting, well precise
And I gotta let em know that I still been right
You talk on me strong
Just cuz I'm rich dont mean that it dont sound hungry
Count if you wanna
Hope you think cuz you little I won't jump on ya
You betta remember that
When you be droppin that bullshit
You lucky I'm in a good mood right now
But I'm lettin you know how it could get
If I was the preacher
Yall niggas would run when I step off the pulpit
If I was you I'd leave me alone
Cuz bitch I ain't nothin to fool with
But if it is on ya mind
You got somethin to prove, then go head and do it
I get so vivid
I wouldn't be able to make a better picture if I could
You understand my platinum
Then fuck up my raps, semi tracks
No matter wheter kickin a verse or smokin a sack
I'll fuck over you, yea
I'm makin a habit of hurtin they head and bustin they ass
Fuckin they woman and takin they spotlight, makin em mad
Chorus & talking til fadeChorus: Ras Kass
I'mma do what I wanna do, when I do it
Ain't nuttin that you can do, when I'm gon' do it
Rap gane recognize the game
And we came to bring the pain
I'mma do what I wanna do, when I do it
Ain't nuttin that you can do, when I'm gon' do it
Rap gane recognize the game
Mystikal, Ras Kass came to bring the pain
I got mo' anger than you got in yo' whole body in one arm
And that's a threat to Triple H, three times the harm
That's right, you face to face with a villain
Any has-been, gets harassed and gon' feel the ???
Jump off roofs, land on backs
Stomp on tongues, walk on necks, then I flex
Crackin heads, I can't get no rest
So many enemies, I don't know who to fight next - c'mon!
I'd like to see you try to explain that to my, FIST..
.. why it's in yo' forehead!
And if you really think you got what it takes
To step to the game, GO RIGHT AHEAD!
Chorus
The ghettofabulous Rat Pack, inner city NASDAQ
Young savages, that don't know how to act
Rebels without a gat, that pin you to the mat
Got devils havin flashbacks of When Animals Attack
In a world that's assed out, after I spaz out
Mash til I cash-out, hit my coffin and blast out
 Cause real riders still do real things
I'm "The Man in the Iron Mask," break steel guillotines
Name is Rass Kass, livin Burger King style
Have it my way, all day, every day
Drink smoke lay, the game and no play
Straight out of L.A, baby - "Get in my bel-ly!"
Protein diet  just another Watts riot
"All the ugly people, be quiet!"
The R-A-S K-A-Double-S, yes
Snappin necks for some live effects
Chorus
I don't like you.. and when I'm here
And when I walk out  I see you don't like me too
I've got a physical ability for causin misery
You get maddest when I feed off your negativity
For every boo, I'mma leave a bruise
For every bad gesture, I'mma leave your ass messed up
Watch your mouth, you talkin loud to the hard tester
Back it up, you won't see nuttin unless I LET YA
So you can keep that in mind when I pass by
This is your big chance to say hello to the bad guy
I run with the north side, dirty aren't I..
.. cause I'm three times hellafied!
Chorus
..
ChorusIl règne une tel barbarie, l’homme se déchire, il s’abreuve de son propre sang, il n’a foi en rien, moi qui pensait que le monde aurait changer  mais il n’en est rien 
Non rien n’a changé
C’est navrant, le choix est fait, il est trop tard pour reculer
Dans une guerre y’a pas de gagnant
De la guerre à la paix y’a qu’un pas
J’ai dû partir pour rêver d’autres choses
Les droits de l’homme s’usent comme des feuilles d’automne
Derrière moi je n’ai laissé personne, puisqu’ils m’ont tout pris, tout pillé
J’ai plus rien, à part mes yeux, la liberté a une facture salée
Je vais pas me taire ni faire taire mes souffrances
Quand j’y penser je vois les pages de ma vie a feux et a sang
On était plein dans ce cas, plein à être obligé de partir en terre inconnue
Survivre, sans les vivres, juste le courage dans le cœur et la force dans la tête
Partir loin des massacres et des squelettes
Partir vivre sa vie sans crainte, fuir ce labyrinthe
Où même un môme deviens un homme avec un flingue
Moi je rêvais d’autre chose je voulais pas porter leurs treillis
Je voulais pas égorger au nom de Très Haut
L’argent devient la religion qui sépare par les gens
Je rêve et je voyage à travers le temps
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Pour aller tenter une autre vie
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Là où la liberté n’as pas de prix
Ils ont sacrifié des vies humaines au nom de la différence
Je sais pas trop comment définir ma douleur
Ma couleur ça fait longtemps qu’elle veut plus rien dire
Mon propre frère m’a flingué pour du pétrole
J’ai survécu et j’ai fuis caché dans des forêts avec rien sous la dent
En vivant comme un animal où est la patrie là dedans
Tout ce que j’ai c’est ma tête et mon cœur
Les yeux bien ouverts pour pas tomber dans le trou de l’auto-destruction
Les fleurs meurent mais les graines demeurent
Mon stylo pleure aujourd’hui mais rira peut être demain
Pour l’instant je jette mon cœur sur la feuille pour traduire ma peine
La faim fait sortir le loup du bois la survie m’appelle
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Pour aller tenter une autre vie
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Là où la liberté n’as pas de prix
À tous les gens qui ont du fuir leur terre natale pour X raisons
Je leur souhaite paix amour & conscience et surtout d’avoir un devoir de mémoire
Pour que les générations futures ne puissent pas oublier ces pages de l’histoire
Apparemment les choses s’améliorent, donc l’espoir se trouve devant avec l’amour
Trésor précieux que dieu donne, haine raciale, haine culturelle, haine ethnique
On a du travail pour qu’on avance sur les mêmes rails
Moi je rêve d’un autre monde au visage plus humain
Où le progrès se fera dans l’unité et le travail
L’argent devient la religion qui sépare les gens
Je rêve et je voyage à travers le temps
 : ]
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Pour aller tenter une autre vie
J’ai dû partir 
Loin de vous, loin de tout
J’ai dû partir 
Là où la liberté n’as pas de prix
J’ai dû partirLet's start something dog
Let's make it happen
I rock  I roll 
I come to tear the world up - Let's Get Ready to Rumble!!
I shut'em down shut'em down
You ready for war start fightin' start fightin'
I come is this cut to get paid to bust flow
I come for the gumbo
They know me for kickin' they ass from here to El Segundo
Lets get ready to rumble!
Spit sparks, spit flames the coldest thing up under the sun though
Spending your money on them suckers
Your wastin you time cause I'm the one hoe!
Smokin' that blunt smoke
Stay out of my front doo'
Swung with the blast, I've never been matched
I hop on the track like a jump rope
I come with the guillotine to cut throat
Holdin' it down messin ya'll up with the rest of them suckers be umcho
Me?  YEAH, blessed if you don't know
Packin' big bone heavy struture and hung low
Wreckin ball nuts it touch the flo'
If it's on yo' chest then just let me know
I hope you don't think I'm runnin' I know you don't think I'm scared
You must of forgot who the hell that I am
The man with the braids - BEWARE!
That's yo' ass mister post man
Sucka stompin' and swingin' with both hands!
Chorus 1.5X
Watch out 
Bats and pipes - broken bottles, glass, and knives
Jump in the mix and don't handle yo' business
Somebody turn out yo' lights!!
You'll be gettin' yo' stupid self up
Askin' the people "Which one of ya'll hit me?"
I don't know the way you went down look like the ground was slippery
Attack'em with sawed-offs, suckas get throwed off
The party get called off, when suckas get sawed-offs
I go give her my meat to meet and give it to her raw dog
You, go get the  nasty, givin that stuff, get bought off
I come with the real
I be with them brothers with booted up grills
We don't do promotions and shows that stuff don't pay my bills
Keep it in the ballin' ballin', promoters callin'
Videos jumpin' off sucka this the real New Orleans
My neck of the woods, my side of the hood my part of town
Thugs, drugs, and violence - y'alls is watered down
When I perform I that calm
And I'm the BOOM on the record I hit the studio and show'em
All right yeah you right start fightin'
Get it right keep in right we be hype
Knockin'em down, throwin'em away, hittin'em hard
Takin'em out, bustin' they head breakin'em off
Chorus {*to fade*}Time to get with ya
What ya think nigga
Time to get with ya
What ya think nigga
I already done told ya niggas
Shit I showed y'all niggas
When I slaughtered ya niggas
This how I sold ya niggas
Bitch if ya put yourself in a fight
Here me kick it
I get flashlight how we get it with it specific and artistic
Spare rhymes and rough drafts get it done tighter
I stay clear you cut the war underwear
I'll hold ya back nigga cause ya shystie
When my blood start bubblin I get fystie
Laced with cyanide
Hard education if somebody try to bite me
Scratchy, flows come across hypely
Closer than your fuckin icy
Reaching my level is highly unlikely
Precisely I'm the right king I be
Why in the sam hell would you take it upon yourself to ever try me
Got be suffering some type of fault or malfunction
You don't want this situation to get both dangerous and rambunctious
Why y'all be thinking about beef I be thinking bout big numbers
On top of things running shit why you bitches going under
If I take your ass on this track it'll probably defeat the purpose
Cause that half ass material you putting out
Probably ain't gone never surface
You harmless, you couldn't blow the bomb up
Couldn't keep up the pace I set
I'll whoop your ass with my warm-ups
Entertainer rap composer and performer
Map located on the southern corner
I'm making the way like they at a parade
Niggas get fitted for graves for going for brave
When them bullets get sprayed
So I ain't no hangman no gang bang
Shit, I'm trying to change things
We stuck on the same thang
Stealing draws from Les Unplauge
Then I can go back to the trunks of cars of the upper esilonge
Blunts and guns roll like M1s tasers
Smoke weed all the way to the bank
Nigga what the fuck you think
What cha thank nigga
Fuck ya'll niggas think bad lines and bad words serving their purpose
Doing videos and movie soundtracks and tv commercials
Independent, smoke herb
Walking this thing throughout your suburb
Got young niggas switching suburbans
The tempo I run when I run around like a tortoise
Your mom say run when I hear they come
Ta get they titty slick and they pussies murdered
Low down dirty
Big old niggas burn down the barn to make million dollar merges
Never mix no bullshit with your business
I'll snatch ya pull your head out ya ass that mothafuckin stay down
There til I finish
If I cut ya down I'm gone make you look bad
I'm gone make them look at you
The same way they look at the back of a dog's ass
Hit it tell us, stomp through this mothafucka like elephants
Swing though this bitch like apes and fly by you bitches like pelicans
Playa haters are of no relevance
I'm striving on intelligence
And changing like them elements
If you was up to my level I'd probably wail all on ya
But you ain't bitch you bumb time don't tell on ya
What the fuck you think its time to come up
And profit off the shit we sell
Rode the band with BL why I gotta chance to back up with KL
Nigga next to me your shit be seeming fake
You bests to move your fucking finger
While I cuts my piece off the tank cake
Move them ugly mothafuckas show me your mean face
But stick your fingers in your mothafucking ears
Cause these niggas be dropping some mean bass
Cause it ain't gone be no more after me
It ain't no limit to these young black hustlers
Ask that nigga Master P
It has to pe the paper if ya ask me man
Ya'll niggas know ya can't hang
Nigga, what the fuck you thinkMa mémoire encore éclairée par les projecteurs
Puissant tel une frimousse
Retour au bercail, ma brousse
XXX
Viva la routine, leurs souffrances embrassent ma rétineUne fois d'plus c'est le cœur qui parle, comment faire sans ?
Une fois de plus c'est Mystik au stylo perçant
Quand j'écris je m'adresse à toi qui regarde un ciel semblable au mien
Tu le sens ? Ça vient du cœur c'est sans chichi ça ment pas
Après XXX, je vous remet ça
Aimez vous les uns les autres vous ferez des bonnes choses
J'suis pas là pour faire la morale, positif la vie est belle
Trop de fois la rage a soufflé dans nos poitrines
Nos pensées sont trop choquantes trop choquant de voir des gosses dans des vitrines
Y'a-t-il un chemin déjà tracé ?
Que dire de ceux qui connaissent les affres d'un éxil forcé
Tous les enfants qui n'ont plus d'enfance
A ceux à qui on a enlevé l'espoir de sourire, la vie
C'est la seule chose qui m'inspire, qui revient tel un aigle ultime
Je garde espoir je rêve d'un autre monde pour demain
Pour les contemporains de nos après-demain
Même si le monde avance à cloche pied
Je garde espoir, faut cesser les croche-pieds
C'est juste des mots que j'balance
J'apporte pas les solutions aux problèmes
Mais je sais que c'est comme le balai
La rue ne passe pas, la poussière ne s'en va pas d'elle même
Donc j'en parle, vous XX vous même
Pour changer les choses on a tous le choix c'est sur
Mais choisir ne rime à rien sans agir
Peut-on raturer le livre du destin ? Je sais pas
Mais je sais qu'on peut ajouter les pages écrites par nous
Car l'avenir c'est nous, c'est moi, c'est lui, c'est vous
On a tous un rôle à jouer, pour atteindre le bonheur
Comme un môme qui court après son jouet
Pour l'instant XXX toutes les rues sont bouchées par un mur
Y'a que l'amour qui ramènera des fruits mures
Faut qu'on cesse de respirer l'odeur du désespoir que dieu m'entende
Donc le cœur bat et y'a de l'espoir
Je garde espoir je rêve d'un autre monde pour demain
Pour les contemporains de nos après-demain
Même si le monde avance à cloche pied
Je garde espoir, faut cesser les croche-pieds
J'suis la voix off qui parle de la vie sans montage sans trucage
Mon rap un making-of qui traverse les gouttes de l'histoire
Histoire de cette génération qui entre dans une vie à l'horizon incertain
En plein épanouissement c'est certain comme le soleil à 9 heures du mat'
Il faut luter, se battre si on est sure de vaincre
Continuer le combat si on est sure de le vaincre
S'instruire sans jamais s'insinuer satisfait
Et être fière de ce qu'on fait
Moi j'crois pas que le rap c'est juste faire des "yo yo"
C'est avertir nos frères et sœurs pour qu'ils aillent pas jouer au yoyo
Sous les miradors, se promener, au lieu de vouloir construire les pyramides inutiles pensant à ceux qui sont pas encore nés
XXX d'un monde meilleur, si on s'aime on s’élève tous
Je garde espoir je rêve d'un autre monde pour demain
Pour les contemporains de nos après-demain
Même si le monde avance à cloche pied
Je garde espoir, faut cesser les croche-piedsBuckle up, boy
Don't give a fuck, boy
Me, Gillotine, Big Rock and the rest of the Big Truck boys
Leather shit with the big chrome, boy
Hit 'em with flat double barrel big strung, boy
Dont Get Caught Up with my big truck boy
Fuck Up Doggg!!
Respect My Line And Keep my shit clean
Ain't Gone Let The Big Buck Fall
White On Black Tinted Windows
With the big black dog
Nigga Slippin Bitches
Toten
Trying To Get Knocked Off
Its With the corna Shit
Sidewalk
3 6 Hard
Ain't No motherfucka know whats on my old man log
From Yall with the paint balls Horrible Dogs
Ten hut but I can pay for it fog fog
Somebody follin me in my rear view
And it probaly them lawerys
Thinkin im slanging that powder
But I ain't bout to cop no charge
Thats the pt crosier Double R no job
But I ain't got no time im bout to ride to the frayer
Hope they dont bring my shit back cause he ain't to far
If they take my shit strait over to buisness for war
I'm talkin better, he said you talk to B.K
I said I ain't got the day
I said you strait
Yes im on my way with my shit
THATS what I did broke off head
Show me whats up thats what I said
Hot curds front light in the streets
Wodie wanted every small car 5 10  east
Tellin a motha fucka to strada
Talk on the phone drinks grada
State troopers can kiss my ass
The rest of you Bitches gone eat my dust
Hit the city limit Lyrics start
Yellin "thats my truck"
Pull Up the red light
Tring to watch which nigga bone get back bra
Packin towla gone rollin through town
Catch up with the fella
With drug dealls hooka's and stella's
Better watch out for car jackers
Some of the bitchs ass niggas jelouse
Betta lock you tower girl
They comin to get yo need devoloped
Uptown hot be serivin like they be slappin round nigga's
Them nigga got a gillatin in they navigator
On the back niggas standin dancin
Keepin this nigga on the nextel won't even awnser
Some white nigga tryin to be like a snake
Dont even know whats happening
Belive me niggas on 18 & 19
20 up tinted up piped up
Tank up filled up grilled up loaded siked up
Hyped up iced up polo striped up might up
They want fresh cuts they rush all like big trucks
Big house big car big dogs like big stuff
Big piano pig feet pig smoked hut hut hut
I like the to let the sun roof to let the wind blow my hair
I tured on 5th avenue boom! there them nigga's go right there
Lookin at all them guns will do harm to yo eye balls
These niggas live you might not see can the side walk
Showing off with some thing mystikal
Drip drop
He aught know being a dog he gone tag it
Looking like he gone charge at me cut
Nigga drinkin taboscian mixed with wine
Put it 1 I put em with a cat fish
Dangrous niggas having fun
Holling at q we got a show in florida
Here we come{*Mystikal's "human door" opens twice*}
Huh, BOOM! Huh.. guess who it is?
I rock, I roll.. tear this motherfucker up 
Let's get ready to rumble!!
I come in this bitch to get paid to bust flow, I come for the gumbo
They know me for kickin they ass from here to El Segundo
Let's get ready to rumble!!!
Shit sparks, spit flames the coldest thing up under the sun though
Spendin your money on them niggas
You're wastin you time cause I'm the one hoe!
Smokin the blunt smoke, stay out of my bundle
I swung with the blast, I've never been matched
I hop on the track like a jump rope
I come with the guillotine to cutthroat
Holdin it down, fuckin y'all up
But the rest of them suckers be unsho'
Me?  YEAH, I'm blessed - if you don't know
Pack a big boner, heavy strutured AND hung low
Wrecking-ball nuts and dick touch the flo'
If it's on yo' chest then bitch let me know!!
I hope you don't think I'm a runnin
I know you don't think I'm scared
You must of forgot who the fuck that I am
The man with the braids - BEWARE!!
That's yo' ASS Mr. Postman
Got them niggas stompin and swingin with both hands
I rock, I roll
Tear this motherfucker up - let's get ready to rumble!
Shuttin systems down! You ready for war?
Start somethin, start fightin
Chorus 1/2 again
Bats and pipes - broken bottles, glass, and knives
Jump in the mix and don't handle yo' business
And a nigga gon' turn out yo' lights!!
You'll be gettin' yo' stupid self up
Askin' the people "Which one of y'all hit me?"
I don't know the way you went down looked like the ground was slippery
Attack 'em with sawed-offs, and niggas get throwed off
The party get called off, when niggas get sawed-offs
Go get my meat to meet and give me that raw dog
You, go get you a nasty, givin that pussy you bought off
I come with the real
I be with them niggas with booted up grills
We don't do promotional shows that shit don't pay my bills
Keep it in the ballin ballin, promoters callin
Videos jumpin off nigga this the real New Orleans!
My neck of the woods, my side of the hood my part of town
Thugs, drugs, and violence - y'all niggas is watered down
When I perform I'm that calm
And I'm the shit on the record I hit the studio and show 'em!
I rock, I roll
I roll, we by hype
Knockin 'em out, throwin 'em away, keep 'em off
Takin 'em out, bustin they head, breakin 'em off!
{*Mystikal ad libs to fade*}19 nigga 7, bitch what's happenin?
Chorus:
Thirteen muthafuckin years!
I know what to do to knock your stupid ass
So bad you ain't no challenge
Thirteen muthafuckin years!
This ain't no fluke, this pure deep talent
Thirteen muthafuckin years!
I know what to do to knock your stupid ass
So bad you ain't no challenge
Thirteen muthafuckin years!
Bow, when I hold the microphone and hold it
Keepin me rappin until I hoarse and swollen
Thirteen years and rollin
I rate colder than coldest
Gettin part of this, niggas don't want no more of this
Never leave you alone in your life, nigga I'm selectin and sellin rhymes
Slap a nigga that style sound some like mine
Mad enough you screamin "It AIN'T!"
You be pissin me off some the time, take you down one at a time
I'ma be known for fuckin over your whole album
Who want my rhyme?
Keep decling, I'ma keep climbing
Keep duckin, I'ma keep buckin
Keepin heat seekin rhymes comin to get you bitches off me
Disrespectors cow sled, 
Hard to break, if it comes that way
It took me thirteen muthafuckin years just to make a tape
But that don't mean that my rhymes one of the strongest
All I know I been tryin to make it for the fuckin longest
Fuck the side of all this, long as you done it
When I done it, gettin blunted bout to run this bitch
Takin them riders down with me, clown with me
Leave thirteen in your muthafuckin chest and you can count em
Chorus
Nigga go pass the vibe, dividin mad this year
Creative catastrophy, leave MCs in closed caskets
Hit ya like full metal jackets, cut like hatchets
Tight as ratchets, and burn like matches
Thick than amino acids, flip like gymnastics, nasty as a pissy mattress
Droppin like the temperature in December
Clippin em, tippin em, been writin raps far back as I can remember
Fulla them rocks, everybody move key
It was ghetto Djs and sucka MCs
Handle your buisness in this industry of competition
Or be at F.W. Bulls washin dishes
Bitch I was born to write million dollar rhymes
Battle in the hallways of Cohen back in 85
86, 87, 88, hooked up with Big Boy records and made my first demo tape
We dropped some real shit in the basement
I had big ol' nigga tracks, raps like pavement
To come from New Orleans made it hard to surface
That's when I got discouraged and joined the service
Pissed of and I  before long
I went to war and served federal time before I made it back home
No more rips in my jeans and gettin my cream
Ain't shit unlucky about my number thirteen
Chorus
I hit the bitch like BOSH! Owwwwww!
Never gon bounce could rap and doin time before I bow
How in the fuck you like me right now
Told your ass she had said I'd be on top of the pile
Cause my rap style is my hustle
I shot niggas up like Muslims
With the flex like muscle
Use a, pretty delievery cause it's most important
I form a style sharp enough to cut straight through the bones
I came from my welts, gave up my belt
I got off from Big Boy records to put my single on the shelf, now
Do I do it? Fuckin right I did it
Shoulda seen the little chir'en in the street singin I'm Not That Nigga
Size ain't nothin nigga, I'm short
Shockin nigga, raah!
They gave me five hundred dollars, shit I quit both of my jobs
Fuck em, got some other shit to do from nine to five
My birthday came, and my sister died
But next year, Mystikal signed a half a million dollar deal with Jive
This shit thats tragic can't be no more
Because of my rings I work at A&P no more
I drive my landcruiser off the show floor
Got the time to time to feel pain, sittin on Volvos
Comin with scheme, up in my dream
Who'd a ever thought I'd be a No Limit soldier
By the end of that thirteen
Thirteen manic muthfuckin years!*In case you don't know, 'It's yearn' is the same as 'it's yours'
Old school niggas. 
True hip hop niggas. Ha, ha. 
This something y'all niggas can dance to
LIKE THAT!
I be a black muthafucka from the 12th ward
I want some bullshit niggas  hittin em hard
I hit em with more  I make em run
I made a lot of noise with the shit I done
I give y'all a chance to roll but y'all niggas can't roll
Sit your ass down, let me show you how it go
I thought I showed you last time, when will you learn?
Watch what you ask for, nigga, IT'S YEARN!
The maniac brotha's back with another dramatic track
Crossin my path struck you like you a black cat
Maniac, abused, used, and abused
Try your luck and bring a pack for the horseshoes
You got nothin to lose, it just might help you out a bit
Shit, I doubt it
You're better off dead, goin head to head with a nigga like M-I-K-E
Your best bet's to pack your shit
Calm your head, bleedin bitch
Sucka tragic you'll never get none
You better leave cause you only get one
Chance to make a break for it
Uh huh, leave now or get the pow
Get the fuck out this area, I'ma have to bury ya
Mo thug, I draw blood
Whip that ass, leave ya face down in the mud
Militant, bitch I might be
But that's a risk you take when you fuck with me
Headlocked, yo I dirt ya like a nacho
Shit you go, bigger than G.I.Joe
You ain't know? I thought you knew
This time you can have it, it's for you
IT'S YEARN! X 3
Come on, come on
Well come away sucker fake MCs in the place
There's only one Mystikal so make no mistake
Comin straight in your face, sucker MCs I hate
Rhymes bite you in your ass like a rattlesnake
Bout your screamin no way
Bitch you won't escape
I'm like a boa 'strictor I kill, I suffocate
Hittin harder than Hitler, no slidin, no livin, no jivin
Got more niggas runnin and hiding than Batman and Robin
Takin out adversaries with rhymes I wrote
The sucker  I'm the antidote
I the conductor of shive rhymes
Stretch like elastic, pure fantastic
Lift off and burnin MCs like amino acid
Nigga please don't try to battle, it's suicide
Those who have time watch me I do survive
This is only a suggestion, so ask no questions
Try and digest my rhymes bitch you get indigestion
Wrote this as a lesson so you will know
Comin hard muthafuckas this physical
Be pussy bitches in my fans I brought a dime and
Understand I'm comin strong nigga harder than He-Man
With these hands, nigga laying face down on the curb
IT'S YEARN!
Some murderer got the nerve to talk about me
Bitch I never heard of ya
That's a shame, you got the blame cause you're blind
You know my name, the M to the Y, S-T-I, the K-A-L
Rebel, ya smell, ya fell, ya tell, ya sell, hotter than hell
Soft as hell, I might as well SPELL!
I'm a big marine, M-I-K-E, you figure weaker then me
I speak uniquely, how in the fuck do you plan to beat me
Ruler of hip hop, left ya shell shocked
Scare the fuck out ya like Alfred Hitchcock
Don't wanna be bothered 
I'm a rough motherfucker from the 12th ward
Never left nothin undone, breakin jaws for fun
Cocky as Paul Bunyan, have ya cryin like onion
Flyin low, a soldier born, ya chicken's choked
Explosive, bitch I'm the one that wrote this
I scream like rebel with the sword and snake
Your boss come to battle, it's not your week
I reverse my verse, I love to curse
You won't be the first muthafucker in the back of a hearse
Stomp, pop, clap, havin the last laugh
Then, I step back and grin at your dumb ass
Watch me burn, can't miss my turn
Like, do you want it?
IT'S YEARN! X 2Who
Alright
Who
Uh
Alright
Who
I see uhh, y'all don't understand huh
Alright
But, let me see if I can uhh 
Make it a lil mo clearer for y'all
Can't walk on water or jump over buildings or nothing
But I was the first to get ya hurt and get the fuck out rapper
So pay attention to what I put on the chalkboard
I'm the start of the concrete
The lyrical lawnmower
You can say this the house I built
Off'a shit bitch fuck dat
Non filt ba'dat-tat-tat
Boom boom boom
Your Louisiana number one Zorro of the two boom
Get caught
Roll thru
Hold back
Come short
Go gold
Fall off
Fuck dat
I told ya I was coming back harder and I meant that shit
Yea I mad a couple million dollars last year
But I spent that bitch
Like martin Luther king ya'll project jealous
And ya want me killed
Like the white man from town
Got me on the scope
But I won't stand still
Cause I put the haaa-o in da hot sauce
And the jaguar with the top off
See I started it
CHORUS
Who, who, who, who, who, who
MYSTIKAL!
Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright
See I started it
Who, who, who, who, who, who
BIG TRUCK!
Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright
JIVE RECORDS!
Verse 2
And I do not like to promote violence
Or diss other artists or nothin'
But I'm faithful to gumbo
And it's killed to be killed
The game
Jack knife
Cutthroat
Let it rip
Don't hold back shit
Nigga say what ya feel, Fa eva
It's graphic and explicit
But I be rappin' up in dis bitch
That's how I do it when I kick it
And who-eva it is that complain
Only reason you got somethin' to say if I'm late
Cause I'm the only reason you came
This is for the grown folks
And if you don't like what I'm doin'
You can suck my daddy long stroke
Been crunk
Been trunk tight
Those was the school days
Gamma Phi Kappa Si
If ya stumble
They don't see ya nigga
Play it off
But if they disrespect you
Front ya
Take they head off
So this is what it's come to
Don't give a fuck
Nigga what
Nigga who
CHORUS
Verse 3
I thought I heard you talkin' shit
And you ain't got nothin' out
So nigga fuck where you come from
Nigga fuck what you talkin' 'bout
Heads rolled
Less bread
I'm talkin' my way
Some'o bitch ass nigga with somethin' to say
I' on think ya'll know how serious I be
And how real I be getting' when I be up in here kickin' dis shit
I guess I'mma have to show you
Take a picture
No sympathy
See my face and remember me
CHORUS* features an extra verse not on the album
Mmm, mmm, mmm
You know what time it is  and you know who this is
DANGER! DANGER! Get on the flo'!
The villain right chea; sing it!
Been so long  Since, he's been on
So please 
Show me 
What it is that you want to see
Go tell the DJ to put my hit on
I'm keepin the fellas and women a jumpin from the minute I get on
Takin they shirt off, showin they tattoos
Screamin and hollerin and all
Got the gift to come up with it
Put it together, deliver it, make them feel it, look I been on!
Sharp! Like you pulled me out the pencil sharpener
Bad! Like that student in the principal's office
Put rappers in coffins, they dive like dolphins
I'm the damndest lyrical marvel you come across often
So watch yourself!
Or mess around and get beside yourself, I know!
Go head though.. bounce 'em, shake 'em, drop that {**}
Stay in line though
Forget a cain't, because you can can
Cocked up or head down, {**} poppin on a handstand
That leave that nucca smokin
If you gon' do somethin then bend over, and bust it open
 - 2X
Yo I hope my concert line around the corner
Parkin cars, fellas forget it, girls nuttin on her
You lookin good momma - Why? Pshh, what's up homie?
Sirens, limousines, and the club owner - ya trick you!
If you late, ain't no gettin up in heah, cause it's fillin up
Inside packed from the flo' to the ceilin up
The buildin ain't big enough!
I'm backstage bouncin adrenaline buildin up!
The nucca cutter, did I stutter?
The heart flooder, make your woman drawers melt like butter
Down like Nelly, I'm +Hype+ like "Belly"
The rhyme seller!  Take off like Jim Kelly!
Stand up, round out, boot up and frown
Tell somebody if they wanna try it then boy come on down!
No sweat, no blood, no tears
And if I tell you it's a hit then THAT'S JUST WHAT IT IS!
 - 2X
I wanna see these fake rappers get off the mic
Get in my room, you crowd my space, they got you all in my light
Watch out mayne!
I'm rippin 'em solo, I jump from the shelf they records sell no mo'
Throw lyrical bolos, and head busts, and rhyme elbows
So get off me!  Tip-toe out slow but softly
Hurry up, you might not be able to do that shorty
{??} entertainer
The whole crowd screamin out, "DANGER! DANGER!"
 - 2X
DANGER!
DANGER!
Get on the flo'!
The villain right chea!  Sing it!
DANGER!
DANGER!
Get on the flo'!
The villain right chea!Les mots sont faibles pour livrer le coeur
Mon RAP c'est le blues moderne
Une araignée du soir tout prés
Ne pleure jamais d'avoir perdu le soleil
Les larmes t'empêcherais de voir les étoiles
Restes fort pour ceux qui t'aiment dehors, t'es pas seul
Même si derrière les murs de l'ennui, tes sourires font la gueule
La vie t'attends
Le monde t'attends
Rien de spécial, rien de phénoménal ici
La routine on est des fauves, les cellules sont trop petites
J'écris des bouts de vie, je décortique
Comment on traite nos familles c'est
Humiliant ça sort de la bouche d'une petite
Rue du blues, notifications, révocations
Les sursis tombent comme les caleçons
La tête haute, on la baisse que pour le miséricordieux
Garde le poireau, même si le soleil n'est pas toujours radieux
C'est ma poésie, ma vie ici, mon pamphlet magnitude 9
Les poches du président pleines, les cellules pleines comme un oeuf
Les oreilles sont bouchées quand le ventre chiale
A coup de lois et de répréssion ils pensent trouver la paix sociale
Dis moi ya qui quand les larmes coulent sur les joues de ton pécule
Mon rap est propre j'ai fais le ménage dans ma cellule
Je tourne en rond dans ma tête et physiquement les miens me manquent
Je vous embrasse fort le rap tourne en rond je rappe fort
Gangbang ghetto shit
Same day different shit
Everyday I strugglin
Fais ce que tu as à faire ghetto youth
Mais esquive les flics
Everyday I strugglin
On va au charbon ils vont à Harvard
Everyday I strugglin
On veut s'extirper de la pauvreté mettre du soleil dans nos vies hards
Everyday I strugglin
Je fais pas du rap de Kleenex moi
Je chiale pas quand t'entends ma voix, tu sens la tate-pa
Y'a plus de vrais hommes pour l'oseille tous à 4 pattes
T'inquietes pas pour mon cas ici bas je suis un soldat
J'écris ces bouts de vie assigné à résidence comme
Shyne
I think about my life on my face down niggers
What time it is ? 6 du mat', perquis'
Vie de la tess les épreuves on en garde les stigmates
Ecoutes ! Tout ce qui tue pas rend fort
Mes frangins coincés au trou ont tous faim de dehors
J'affronte la vie 'face to face' j'appelle pas les renforts
Sabr mefta el farage, en taule tu serais un garage
Tu nous croises souriants à l'interieur ya le chenef
On a rien contre le travail on veut etre nos propres chefs
Dédicace a Dox Brazza Roots et S.D.G grâce à ma mere j'ai toujours eu a manger
Gangbang ghetto shit
Same day different shit
Everyday I strugglin
Fais ce que tu as à faire ghetto youth
Mais esquive les flics
Everyday I strugglin
On va au charbon ils vont à Harvard
Everyday I strugglin
On veut s'extirper de la pauvreté mettre du soleil dans nos vies hards
Everyday I strugglin*talking at start*  
Ahhhh.... ahhhhh
Ahhhh.... Ahhhh
I stretch through the lightness the brightness of my journey
Handpicked the atmosphere, blasted off warnings
Like this when the low fog sets, in my concious
Travelings, guidance a spectrum astonished
The eighth induced in debtness wets
Non believers, even the driest of poets turn receivers
For he who knows not, the realms in which we occupy
Earth, the galaxies, universe the most high alive and outside
Respect for living things, its all cycles of nature down to a bees sting
When death sets in, pressing through lessons survive
And alive in the food chain, chlore passed a stain, its vane
Bury life's tame, those not impressed
Who taking for granted, wasting these breaths
Ahhhh.... ohhhhh
Ahhhh.... ohhhh
Ahhhh.... ohhhhh
Ahhhh.... ohhhh
The last time I closed my eyes I didn't wake
All I remember is walking through heaven's gates
The last time I closed my eyes I didn't break
I felt it return and take me back to fate
My body felt cold as my soul left this hole
So I know, I been down the same fuckin road
For centuries, now we be chained to misery
Of life, floating on a broken corn flake trying to make it home
And since we all drift alone
Some suffocate in these clones, within this dome of plastic
Gettin their ass kicked by karma size 16
Sometimes at night do you dream where to return and be
When you wear out your new identity
And return to the holy purgatory
Where your held in matrimony with time
I'm just an experience captured within rhyme
Ahhhh.... ohhhhh
Ahhhh.... ohhhh
The last time I closed my eyes I didn't wake 
All I remember is walking through heaven's gates 
The last time I closed my eyes I didn't break 
I felt it return and take me back to fate 
My body felt cold... So cold 
It's so cold in here 
At night do you ever dream?
Do you ever dream?
Return... return
Return... return
Return... return
Return... return
Return... return
Dream, dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream, dream, dream
Dream, dream, dream, dream
The last time I closed my eyes I didn't wake MAN!! 
DAMN!! I ain't never felt like this before
I AIN'T RIGHT!!, fuck, this shit ain't right
Huh, huh, I AIN'T RIGHT!!, huh
Shit ain't right
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm fucked up in the head
But everytime I go on - bitch, ran my coat on
Bitch gonna take my clothes off
You niggas are crazy like roaddogs
You can do what you wan' do
And say what you want - just don't play wit' me
Go wit'cha flow go, just don't call me bitch OK?
BACK OFF, BACK OFF!! Mind your business
Damn dog, didn't know you were ever gonna drop
Nigga, soon as I finish, I'm gonna make your motherfuckin'
Record Store look like it just got broke with a crowbar
I ain't gotta stand up in this bitch, take your hands on - throwed off, throwed off
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
Niggas be testin' the street like dick-birds
Then they start day-dreamin', watch my tons and hit curbs 
Then I fuck my eyes and spit in my face - they got bad nerves
I smoke - funny - ain't lust and use bad words
But I'm in another revolution - motherfucker seem with his ASS HEARD!!
If you ever in your car and you play my game, throw the password
Cause it doesn't rest its head with an exquisite hand and they BLAST FIRST!!
I can't stand my next door neigborhood, so I'm here to get a transfer
They won't stay over my GRASS - fur, I ain't right
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed...
Check this part out right here
Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum - I smell a sticky nigga roll up one
Get back if you ain't got none
If you ain't 'BOUT it, then nigga don't come
We tear this bitch up everytime we come through
Actin' stupid, bitch - you know what I do
Lookin' like I come from Artabozoo
Where the feeders gumbo and cross-fetch too, huh
I get down cause I come up around the checkin' line
Kell - stop that fuckin' track - I've lost my mind
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
Hickery-dickery-dock - get 'em - jump off my cock
Bitch - get out my face and whore - stay out my pocket, that's right
Everytime I come in the kitchen, put two in the kitchen
Gettin' fat, eatin' all the fuckin' food up but ain't washin' the dishes
The FUCK YOU MEAN do I have somethin' else to drink?
You just got through emptyin' the jug out the hands - its the same
THAT'S IT - gotta get the fuck out
Bitch about to schold your hand to the door
Nigga, I don't play that shit, better ask somebody
Bitch - thought you know
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed offShit, BOO!!, Boo
Uh-ooooh!!, hah, yeah, yeah
Another album motherfucker heh, heh
Here I am, somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Here I am, somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Here I am, motherfucker, you lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me, huh
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Nigga, that's like somebody who ain't
Got no fuckin' money tryin' to say somethin' to "P"
It's like y'all niggas goin' to learn - to learn with "E"
Y'all niggas act like ya go to job interviews
And come and try to fuck with our beans
Oh no, you don't go, go there, fool!
That nigga said what? Oh ah, hell no!!
Still hot, just thought I'll tell y'all
Bitches suckin' dick if they thought it fell off
Like a man-stare, hundred-twelve floors
When they want the fire I'm the one they'll call
Your Record Company's Stores' fallin'
I'll pick that bitch up, put it on my back and start walkin'
Hit the car, start coughin'
Shoplifter get off, I'm bustin' the dodger
I'll B&B y'all from N.O. to L.A
You ain't lookin' for me, cause you know me by my face
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
I better go complete, tie to put together rap DEAD on the beat
Don't beg for my weed, don't step on my feet 
Don't pull out my prenium, messin' with my trailor
Lookin' my women, don't fuck with my jeep
My coban motherfuckers, can never be chuckin' no beef
Y'all niggas still can't fuck wit' me and would not compete
I'm out the box, off the HEAT!!
Proper prop-lock up blocks with much shit, drop shit
Jaws and break bones with my shit-song
And it's on with rhyme-stones, styles gon' be shown
And I'm known, bring it home, an' home on microphone
It don't say my name on it, so, cause they know I'll be comin' for 'em
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You said we're takin' a trip cause I'ma pocket-full of TNT
What the fuck you gon' get? Them niggas ain't fuckin' wit' these
Well fuck it and feel , nigga, my shit don't come from the streets
I'll be the pepper, hot sauce for ya
SPICY, somethin' ride on fool
WATCH ME, polished up, saddle up - giddy up
Oh shit - dried out, let's go - HIT 'EM UP!!!
Come on - let 'em have it - ditchin' out then don't have it
It's like I accept it - take my loss, shake it off
You got my ends bitch, bring it ALL for the year
Strap, hold my tongue - MOTHERFUCKER - I SAID "ALL"!!!
Fuck, first ya family, this street was never a skin-up-ya
Watch your mouth nigga, never do business wit' cap-peelin'
I bring that funk - stop says: "Stop at yo' door"
Come out the trunk - are you sure I'M THE ONE YOU WANT??!!
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me?
Huh, BOO!! Huh, god damn it, huh, shit
I'M THE MAN!! Don't believe that shit cause I'm tellin' ya
Believe that shit cause you al ready know, motherfucker
HERE I AM!! Somebody said that you were lookin' for me
You lookin' for me? HERE I GO!!!!!.....Mmmmmmmmmm
Ah .. ah .. ah .. ah
As the morning sun shines, and the smoke starts to climb
From dirty rat-filled gutters I'm hittin' snooze for the fifth time
My shutters cover the aluminum-foil windows
My room's cluttered with pennies and nickels
Too little to call it dough
I always wait twenty-five minutes after it's time to go
Before I actually get ready to go
In a crowd I smoke too slow
But when I smoke alone I smoke too fast
Broke cause I spent too much cash
On weed; you know we all go on our own crusade
Hey, take the lead, and we're all still in the same
Too many ways to peel a potato
Vodka mixed with Clamato
To the head primate-o
Like Being John Malkovich, possessed
And you got no
Control of your actions so
You're just a loaded gun, waiting to blow
Waiting to blow, waiting to show
That you got a soul
But don't nobody know
Mmmmmmmmmm  
Look
Big-ass T.V. in my livin' room
No beatdies in my livin' room
Live in a hotel room, the room I consume
By the rap-like tattoos, alcohol and 'shrooms
Doomed relationships down on rossi  with some booms
Out of tune
My old-school friends don't keep in touch
The custody of a child, broken cycle, have nothin'
Or pretend when I wake up I'm spreadin' my wings
Keep the house clean and do anything that I wish
My only wish is this 
Make music with my friends and have healthy families and shit
Did I say shit? 
What happens when you can't stop yourself, restart it
Mark it on your calendar to reform, cause you know you've been
Actin' retarded
You need to be reborn, and you're aware of that
Fightin' with yourself over how you're unprepared to act
And how you are
Change is hard
It takes a lot of effort
And you've got to let down your guard 
But you're scarred from letdowns in life
Barely believin' in you
Tryin' to reason, but it's like even when you freak it
You go back on old ways
You trip for whole days at a time, times ten
And you gotta begin again
It's like a lottery for you to win 
Easier to sin
So you fall in a rut
Stallin'
But your gut feeling tells you it'll be cool 
Somehow, someway
You're gonna pull through 
You're gonna pull through 
Mmmmmmmmmm
The older I get, the more set in my ways
My momma says it's more than just a phase
It's a way of life
A way of living
A way of giving what you have
While you travel on your path on this planet
I'mma either blow up or just bust
Whichever way, I'mma explode
Be heard
From the inner-city curbs to the suburbs
I got a lot to say
Priceless persuasions, gorgeous generalizations
???? invitations and marvelous manipulation
I way to ???? me blazin'
I was made for raisin' what's new
I'm only one, but when I come it's for true
The older I get, the more set in my ways
I'm set in my ways, set in this world ablaze
Steadily risin' 
I'm steadily risin' 
I'm set in my ways 
Mmmmmmmmmm  
So ends a chapter
In the Legendary book called "Life"
Now if you didn't understand that, meet me on page forty-six
Just kidding
Hooo-oooo
Le-le-le-leOne, one, one, one, one
One, hear I go, mic check, here I go, mic check
One, one, one, one, one
That's that shit, that's that shit nigga, that's that shit
Ya'll smell that shit?
That's that shit
That's the reason the bitches be trying to get the worm out the zipper
That's the reason niggas gon' have to learn that I'm the ripper
I scrape off crumbs and turn 'em into nickels
Bounce 'em into dimes and turn 'em into flippers
And I can't come around, like you do your rhyme, cause I'm different
You can't make your shit sound like mine cause it isn't
I run whether it's top of the line, get your mind right nigga
Murder was the case cause I shine at night nigga
The man with the braids in his hair, two tounged live nigga
Let him fire nigga, I ride with five niggas
Live from the west, bring it back home
Ducked off in the Burnerville, blowing up the zone
Strollin', cutting up on my cell phone
Hundred miles per hour in the wind and I'm gone
Watch them jails find the twenty inch wheels twirls
Hoes hatin' in the back, fuck 'em girl
I stand up like a pitch, swing the big dick
Take a picture, feet stickin' like scotch tape bitch
I swear to God I'll fuck over yay yay
Have you sitting on your porch, gettin' pushed in your rocking chair
I know you hear it, I know you hear it, I know you hear it
That's that shit nigga
I know you smell it, I know you smell it, I know you smell it
That's that shit nigga
I know you feel it, I know you feel it, I know you feel it
That's that shit nigga
I know you scared, I know you scared, I know you scared
I come in the bitch to put my two cents on a two inch
I'm tearing down the fuckin' building and the blue prints, any sign of
Intrudence
Tear your ass down, make that ass look foolish
Raise your hand and talk to the teacher, no, students, students
I like to sing a about the boota and the tooters
Smoke the purple bubble gum, merge crazy blue vooda
Ya'll past tense, I'm the black prince ruler
Sharp shooter, I'm chopatula, to talula
Point black bitch, gone, gone
Full blast turning up the water all the way on
Hi, my name is
, Mystikal
I handle my business, deliver my lyrics ever since I hit the door
When I come around in this muthafucka your arms fall off
You can't touch me, your jaw broke, you can't say nothing
Fuck around and let my second wind kick in
I better be makin' it sound like the booty that the dick went in
That's that shit, that's that shit nigga
Yeah, that's that shit
Yeah, that's that shit nigga
Yeah that's that shit
Yeah, that's that shit nigga
Yeah, I know you smell it, 
I know you smell it, that's that shit nigga
I know you feel it, I know you feel it, I know you feel it
That's that shit nigga
I know you hear it, I know you hear it, I know you hear it
That's that shit nigga
Is you scared, is you scared, is you scared
Cause that's that shit nigga
I got that shit
That's that shit nigga
I keep that shit
I own that shit
That's my shit
Bitch, that's my shit
Uh, fucks wrong with you nigga?
Bitch
Get the fuck offTwerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Twerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Twerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Bring that ass over here
Twerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Twerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Twerk somethin'
Shake somethin'
Shake that ass over here
Oh
You think I can't see you over there shakin' your ass
Watchin' you bouncin' your tities, I almost dropped my glass
I can't be trippin' on a big ol' booty
I'm supposed to be a star
When you see them tanks, you know who we are
You on a mission with your pussy
You after my papers, straight asshole naked on your way to my table
So I played it cool, and tried to act surprised
Knowin' damn well I've been watchin' this bitch from the side of my eye
She looked my in my face and said "Don't I know your name?"
You out the South, y'all bout it, you wanna get entertained?
I said B, I'm not tryin' to be too much, but I'm chillin' tonight
My mouth said no, my dick's sayin' fuckin' right
Man fuck all that shit, I ain't bout to pay this woman to party
Till she turned around, bent over, her pussy hung on my body
Damn, you know what bro, this pussy might be worth somethin'
Go ahead girl, handle your business
Twerk somethin'
There's gonna have to be a whole lotta big bills wavin' in the air
To make me shake it work it twerk it, take a nigga there
To the sky, get 'em racked up
Tryin' to have relations, dick at atten-hut
What, what
Whoa now daddy, love to love ya baby
But you know you gotta pay me, prolly got a old lady
And a few rug rats at home to feed
But you tryin' to run that line
What you think, you Gineuwine the bachelor
I'll pass you like you don't exist
And part my ass like the red sea, and tell you to kiss
You be the same nigga known to get your fuckin' mack on
And call the wife, it's so precise, and say you won't be back home
Mama's sunshine all in your face with that southern wine
Rodeo style till your toes curl and I'll be
Laying in the gap so picture perfect
Now do you really wanna see a bitch twerk it?C'est un monde d'animaux
, ce sera mon dernier mot
Les guerriers se refont, se querellent, se fuckent tous ça pour de la ney-mo
L'homme aussi mérite le respect, il porte la vie dans ses boules
Tu peux XXX mais tiens debout
La revendication, un labyrinthe, j'ai le plan
Les révolutionnaires noirs meurent avant d'avoir les cheveux blancs
J'ai peloté des bombes comme un démineur
Fuck ceux qui bougent en Afrique pour sodom' des mineurs
Laisses-pas ta femme te ramener la bouffe comme les lions
J'ai des amis de toutes les couleurs, j'suis un caméléon
Tu peux grimper mais sois pas un dormeur
Le show-bizz c'est le biff mais j'm'accroche au bâtiment comme Spiderman
Doucement avec la coke, ça te rend folle
Plus y'a de putes, moins y a de viols
Sur les couleurs de Coca Cola, les States ressortent
Noir pour le pétrole, rouge pour le sang
[Refrain - Mystik &
Despo Rutti
]
Retiens bien, le rap est un cri
Derrières leurs grandes fortunes, se cachent des grands crimes
C'est pour ma vision, mon insoumission qu'j'écris
Pour du cash on peut te faire une dinguerie
Retiens bien, le rap est un cri
Derrières leurs grandes fortunes, se cachent des grands crimes
Le rap c'est l'art de la douleur
Y'a que mes billets qui leur feront oublier ma couleur
Le premier blackos à l'Olympia gros, Tabu Ley
Parler des problèmes des blacks c'est comme l'argent c'est tabou rhey
Le tier-quar me manque surtout l'époque de la Honda Vatos Locos
Tout l'monde peut réussir, un ex SS est dev'nu Rick Ross
Fuck l'esclavage moderne, à coup d'lois ils nous fouettent
On écrit des pamphlets pendant qu'tu mattes les pouflettes
Les frères tirent sur les mêmes joints mais n'ont pas la même tête
L'avenir fait peur, la France et l'Afrique jouent au docteur
Despo Rutti, M.Y.S.T.I.K
Fait du bruit qui cultive le silence on l'entend pas
R.A.P. le mal-être de la jeunesse est crié
Époque mi-homme, mytho, rester vrai c'est se griller
C'est des mecs de tess qui font nos clips, pas David Lynch
Dépression, problème d'argent, problème de min-che
On peut pas stopper la paix xxx arrêter les drive by
Xxx, l'insouciance a dit bye bye
[Refrain : x2 - Mystik &
Despo Rutti
]
Retiens bien, le rap est un cri
Derrières leurs grandes fortunes, se cachent des grands crimes
C'est pour ma vision, mon insoumission qu'j'écris
Pour te cash on peut te faire une dinguerie
Retiens bien, le rap est un cri
Derrières leurs grandes fortunes, se cachent des grands crimes
Le rap c'est l'art de la douleur
Y'a que mes billets qui leur feront oublier ma couleurHere I go!
It can get critical, I think it's pitiful
At them local bar trying to blow with Mystikal
We black and them roll, making you fold
Your soul has just been sold, your sun has start to erode
When it's coming, ice cold, silence is gold
Now you know, cause you've just been told
Moving, grooving, improving, as I walk they hold
Rhyme stink like the funk from the scent of a dead dog
The size of the highs, eating suckers alive
Too late to cry cause you won't survive
Had a two copper chopper and a punk
Say popper jocker stopper, got you hopping like a one-legged grasshopper
Hissing, missing, dissing... believe
Mo tricks up my sleeve than Merlin the magician
Rough rhyming, house wrecking like Black and Decker
Got tools for these fools, making moves like I'm playing checkers
Bragging and ragging, gagging, sacking and ragging
Rhymes tagging like the seven deadly fists of the land dragon
Banking and jipping, can call the drank in a sipping
They got me running my lip and got 'em thinking I'm tripping
I probably school them and skeeze, then barbecue them and tease them
Slice them, dice them with beans and rise, buy it seasonal
Words of the prides, paralyse and advise
Scalpel like rhyme, get the mic circumcised
I like to outward my punch
How'd you like the pretty ones?
I gotta hunt you on a munch 
I can't be beat on a beat, have them kissing my feet
Stop beating your bitch and wipe that hair off your teeth
I ain't popping no joke punk, more funk than a skunk
When I flow that you sunk, cause your album is broke
Come here, let me see the difference between a man and a...
I'm back from the river, you little motherf... hmm
Justice and brutalizing that suckers is dissing
I kick them and stick them, then I rip them, they can't mess with me
Hope your seatbelt is fastened, known for massive harassing
Confesses masses slam crashing, I'm your daily assassin
Hop hop, hardcore, listen close to the emperor
Burn, woof, burn, like a flamethrower
Rocking awesome, I'm 'bout to boss hard an long
Strong as a python, my ... bite, 209 degrees Fahrenheit
These fools about to get humbled, I stumble and fumble, MCs I crumble
Coming like a comando, I'm so deadly, you don't want to rumble
That's right, don't panic, I'm causing havoc
Searching like a torpedo, gigantic as the Titanic
Rhymes humble the drums, got them stunned and running
All those of them... they know when I'm coming!
Hard hitter, bullshitter, head splitter when bitter
Assassinate a rookie killer like Adolf Hitler
Huh, and if it's true what they said, them I'mma get ya
I'mma drag 'em to the river bad boy, you're 'bout to get a problem, back off
Y'all come at dingo, warriors, suckers I crush
I'm to cruel to be moved, I'm to much to be touched
Got them dangling and jangling, to that... when they hit this
Fight me like a viking, tragic like a terrorist
Thank you a lot, but I'm yet to beget
I know I rhyme to beat my enemy cause I'm the deadly friend
I'm once at the gate, I want to get in
Let's just say for all these stuff you're putting me through
This revenge, now put your head down and be silent
To you get worldwide round this shit, be quiet
I'm sick and tired of wasting time on you suckers
You're better not ready, be wasting some rhymes on you suckers
The BG splitter, 3D killer, back from the river
I'm 'bout to lay you young big mouth punks down
Without your pillow, you won't save Mystikal no' mo'
Somebody said that you were looking for me...Hey there, Sup boo?
Whats happenin?
Come holla at me
Naww come here, Yuh I got somthin for you
Its gon make ya say Ungh
I ain't sayin nothin, Yall jus playin
Comere, why you actin like that?
Naw for real, come ere tho, Mmm hmmmm
You got that fire
Ain't to fly, But When I jus walked by ya
Hands at your side, Dont you know I ain't your average buya
I thought you live on the twelve-hundred block on Tecnuiqe
By tha studio apartments, right off 70 street
She said ya, How do you know that?
I said you live next door to my friend
Her name tazra
She said, Oh you know tim?
I said ya we use ta kick it man, What about it?
She said no thats cool, Thats my girl
Dont take it how it sounded
She said you mean
I said who told ya?
Me and you can make music, dats kinda what im hopin for
Movin like im automated
What we bakin?
Mixin, blendin  and twisted
Tha neighbors gonn be listenin
She said Slow down baby, movin kinda swift
Besides we just met I usually dont get down like this
I said Dont even trip I got you!
She said, You sure?
I said Yup I got to!
Put tha dick on tha track, and make em sang
Put the needle to the grove x2
Them otha niggas ain't gonna do what i do!
When i hit ya with tha tenor
Say sapreno
When your moanin
We ain't gonna stop makin racket
Till in the mornin
I say baby kick it wit me all nite
Safe sex, like pot holder on my mic!
Commin thru the woofer, In your speaker
When we freakin, I can see you gettin hot
Why you weakinin? Climaxin
While im rappin
Whats my name, and who its for?
Dats what im askin
Spitin like wax
All over 64 tracks
Remember shock ta knock you sax
Symbols, and high hats
Gettin nasty with the music
To be funky like a bass line
Disregard it and get ya good sing
Ain't no red lights, When i take mine
Im havin sexual intercourse with the chorus
Screamin! hot vocals got your adlibs gettin hoarse
Sweatin the whole session, your circuits burnt
She said baby dont beat it down no more
Its just the second Verse!
First time I laid eyes on ya I was like zaaam
Tell me, girl where you goin? whats your name?
She said Pam
And I think its only better that you know who I am
Im the man they make high, like the melophones in southern japan
The way I work my aucustics, ain't no comparin
Very rough and aggresive when i lay em
Huffin and puffin, Right when I see em
Ya breakin it down so scandalouz
She got me thinkin, when else
Im touchin ya like a massager
Ill be bustin off soon as ya touch me in
You can hear It through the soundproof booth
Fuckin up the roof!
Dont stop, she on top
And im watchin em jiggle
No more preachin and minglin
She pregnant with my singer
I dont be kissin and tellin
But its gotta be told
Now im 500 dollas short
Unless we got married, I wed till I was old
To infinite, Im plannin our future
Its jus gonn be me, you, nobody else, MIne and Mystikal Junior!
How that feel?
Com here, Take dem headphones off
Turn around little baby
I put tha dick on the track, ya feel me
Its like when i get on the track
I have sex with it, I make out with it
We make woopie, we do the nasty
Anyone wanna jus jump on and rush it?
Im gonna spend time wit you
I ain't quitin halfwayDébarqué en France en 89
Exactement le 31 Juillet
10 ans déjà...
Ma souffrance : récit dense... Je n'peux la décrire
Ecrire des textes pour que tout l'monde danse
C'est en France que j'ai égaré ma sale personne
Quand j'pense à la terre natale, mon cœur retentit comme une cloche qui sonne
J'ai vu le jour au bled à Pointe Noire auprès de ma grand-mère
J'assurais à l'école, j'étais bon en grammaire
J'ai grandi avec des petits riens
Nourri au manioc, l’esprit ailleurs
Comme tout gamin j’étais fan de Tom Sawyer
Je vivais au jour le jour, tu sais là-bas
J’ai soulevé la poussière des routes au foot, pieds nus
Mon bonheur c’était d’courir après l’ballon ou la balle
À cette époque y avait pas d’problème de guerre tribale
Entre Congolais, c’est moche, c’est laid
Je me rappelle des petits dèj', de l’eau sucrée, pas d’lait
Pas d’jouets, pas d’berceuse, réveillé par les coqs
Gâté d’contes comme le lait qui sort du sein
Blessure heureuse
]
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études ici
Pour l’instant j’n’ai pas réussi, j’apprends à être heureux ici
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études
"Mes rents-p ont leurs soucis et moi faut qu’j’assure au stud"
En France, harcelé par la tension d’l’urgence, il faut réussir
Apprendre à courir
J’étais venu pour mes études, avoir du succès
Près d’Paris, ses rites, paris successifs
Il m’a fallu vaincre des défis, ma tête plein d’objectifs
Ma rage ne savait pas qu’elle pouvait devenir force dans l’rap
J’ai longtemps fait des sauts en aveugle, d’étape en étape j’ai compris
Les liens et les richesses du partage
Les événements, les rencontres et les situations m’ont donné une vision large
J’ai été amené à m’naturaliser, visa, passeport chelou
Plusieurs fois j’ai frôlé l’charter j’ai balisé
Encore, je vous raconte pas tout
Ils ont perdu une carrière quand ils m’ont viré d’Clairefontaine pour l’te-foo
À cause des papiers, rêve brisé, ça avait pas d’sens
Mon nom, Loussingui Diabaka, trop long sur leur licence
Au bled, j’étais premier du village, motomolo
Ici j’suis Mike Yankee Sierra Tango India Kilo
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études ici
Pour l’instant j’n’ai pas réussi, j’apprends à être heureux ici
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études
"Mes rents-p ont leurs soucis et moi faut qu’j’assure au stud"
Engué, ici les parents ne croient plus en rien
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études
Pour l’instant j’suis rien, inch’Allah je m’en sortirai bien
Pour ma famille, et ceux qui ont suivi mes démarches
Mes premiers pas, celle qui a nettoyé mes premières taches
On m’avait dit la vie est dure pour un Noir en France
Tu parles, c’est la même chose de Brazza à Oslo
Si la vie est une danse, la mienne c’est un sale slow
J’ai foiré à l’école, j’ai fait des petits boulots
Je colle au rap sans lâcher la grappe dans c’que j’aif
Écoute tes parents qui veulent pour toi tout l’bonheur du monde
Maintes et maintes fois les miens ont usé d’leur salive
Et dire que l’école a donné dalle-que
Deux fois j’ai raté l’bac à force de chanter
Comme tous parents, ils m’ont mis des CP
Ont fait la morale en général,
j’préférais traîner comme Charles
Pour répondre à ta lettre, Papa
J’te dirais tout simplement qu’j’ai choisi ma voie
Maintenant, j’fais d’la musique
J’espère réussir ma vie là dedans
Inch’Allah
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études ici
Pour l’instant j’n’ai pas réussi, j’apprends à être heureux ici
Et dire que j’étais venu pour faire mes études
"Mes rents-p ont leurs soucis et moi faut qu’j’assure au stud"I'm feelin aggressive
Can't eat, can't sleep
I'm tired of this hemp
Sick of this hemp
Can't eat, can't sleep
I'm tired of this hemp
Sick of this hemp
Can't eat, can't sleep
I'm gettin aggressive
That's why I'm feelin aggressive
This gon ?
Sick of this hemp
Tired of this hemp
I'm feelin aggressive
Ooh that's why I'm feelin aggressive
This gon ?
Sick of this hemp
Tired of this hemp
Shift heels move ? you got this many cats
It's a news column can't eat can't sleep
Don't look don't talk
Tired of this hemp, sick of this hemp
Can't eat, can't sleep
Tired of this hemp, cross ? make your whole world ??
Gettin aggressive
Ooh that's why I'm gettin aggressive
This gon' ?
I'm sick of this hemp
Tired of this hemp
Feelin' aggressive
Ooh that's why I'm gettin' aggressive
It just don't ?
I'm sick of this hemp
I'm tired of this hemp
That's why I'm feelin aggressive
Ooh that's why I'm gettin' aggressive
It just don't ?
Sick of this hemp
Tired of this hemp
I'm feelin aggressive
Ooh that's why I'm gettin aggressive
It just don't ?
I'm sick of this hemp
I'm tired of this hemp
Come around and show your face if you wanna
If you wanna, I'm tired of this hemp
???, I'm sick of this hemp, I'm tired of this hemp
That's how this ? move in silence
Stop the violence
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
?? make it home
It's off at your hip whenever I throw
In the story that's it lights out shot close
I'm feelin aggressive, that's why I'm gettin' aggressive
Just don't taste, sick of this hemp, tired of this hemp
I'm feelin aggressive, that's why I'm gettin' aggressive
Just don't taste, sick of this hemp, feelin aggressive
In the story that's it lights out shot closeDamn! Y'all fools conceited 
Reaction to the title heard the first time
But quickly changed your mind
Once the performance is completed, seated in the back
Too cool to throw yo' hands up, I never quite understood
All of that, what you too tough to have fun?
Frisked at the door so I know it ain't the gun
In your waistline that got you shootin' daggers in my face
When I rhyme, times done changed and it's strange
That motherfuckers ain't smiled at a rap show in a while
Probably since the Fresh Prince was in style
So it's apparent that you just don't understand
The meanest mug in the club, don't make yo' ass the man
Now if you wanna be a fan then that's fine
But all I really wanna do is just break through to your mind
And show you just because you did some hood time
Don't make it impossible to have a good time when you out
See where I'm from, it's the hardest motherfuckers come to party
All shermed out, so what's this really all about?
You jelled, cause this man's double L, well hell
PSC tells me, it's jealousy that grips the heart
Quit wasting playing hard roles, when yo' ass is
Really just a mark and I should never feel threatened
'Cause you see that man behind me?
MURS 
When night falls I enter; being of a higher breed
Of emcee I'll injure all these would-be rap crews
The wannabe phat fools, could have been rap dudes
Refuse em resist em like Prop 187 do Mexicans
Again and again, it's the Legends
Lucky I am on wax, and on everyone's tape
PSC the best friend of Cor, it's
The poorest excuse for you, to quit your boyfriend
Just give him a chance 
He'll rap right, if not, check my mic all night
I rap tight, see me catching flights
At the international terminal, where you don't go
So don't go and diss, big groups, will get ripped
And tripped by mic cords, and choked, with cordless
A gift of smooth talk, walk the walk of a winner
Far from a beginner, guess who's for dinner?
Cerebral tornadoes rip logic like frolicking paperbacks
The tone is incomplete extension, in all of the later tracks
Extracting vitamins, from machinery that creates it
As long as the people are fiending for the truth
And not counterfeit, I'm the bounty sheriff merit holder
Winner of awards in the midst, of clashing swords
It's match point on the court, a point is scored
Referee the rest will see my yellow warning on the toilet seat
At least I have my dignity, infinity, a legendary entity forever
A legendary flame of a character with no name
Same instance, persistence to have latitudes
Bruise your knees, you will lose
A life or limb, whichever you choose
Find some foe in him, words tend to catch a phrase
That will amaze most from the gazing point, with a judgment standard
Categorized into a tainted picture before it gets a chance to be painted
There's no blanket for the truth 
I got a loose end of a lie, this amateur he tried to get by
The size is more greater, and equator more immense
Since it makes more sense to make some sense, or maybe you know
Out of these weak ass rhymes you roam but you stay in flow
In this dense a body of mockery
Black lightning lighting up the sky, fighting the type
Copywriting history -- writing transistory
Bay lines for your mind every time we enter the stage
We split and fade, most, Sunspot Jonz, toast
Goodbye to crust emcees, often lonely and homely
If you could only capture the power of love
Like ten albums in this glove, R.B.I, while you hittin' pop flies
And sacrifice your life and die in hurricane and methane
We below shit like propane, Living Legends spiritual cocaine
In a line if you know
What's up with the times cause we draw the line
Kuro manashino renso gusonto kunoki dusu bushiten nori ichi nichi
Ningen katabe dudyo noso gudyo moto niha idahe ​​ dori oku
Poto da ako bonuke ich saga shigasha ach kara godondo saga de-ku pokorono
Naka karawaki dede koro iki kata saka sama nohaso dede disura kohan, tabewan
Let's get literal it's me and my team, I got a dream
 and a clean way to achieve it
I conceived it myself, with a little bit of help, from my friends
Made amends with my soul, now I'm ready to begin
First ingredient is dope shit, and fool we already wrote it
Mix up with the motives now we're forming perfect batter
Had a vision it would burn, if I measured too precisely
I add a pinch here and, there if the spice be right
We might prepare this feast for many thousands
So eat when you're aroused and enjoy, Legendary bitch!
He's a-I held it all in, not to let it crack the grid of emotion
Notion to censor the feeling, I was going in circles
Working my daily operation, I'm perkin on inspiration
Nation underground in nature, I'm patient, well anyway
He got my rhyme vessel, movin products down the block
To the universe, I'm cursed, takin life, from the kingpins
And send them to labs, they products can't measure
To the uncut, incredible, Living Legends
Settle for less BITCH and sellin it, from mic dreams of pipe dreams
I feeds it like graffiti and bomb, your train of thought
Kaveo in stereo, systems and Walkmans
And shake down impostors, groupies, and hype man
So cool as a resident, evidence of a paragraph evident
I was sent you perceive that's the facts
Transmission is complete now I'm back 
Artists like Motown
, underground sound providing sound
That ride us over time  lyrics shine
Spirits climb  out depression
No stressin, everyday's a blessing
State the facts on tracks, I'm not no mack I'm young black and gifted
Sifted, out the soil, royal
Ignorance has no significance in life
Ripe in the sun, Californian born in Oakland
Hard-spoken gentlemen, Journeymen, Mystik twist it
Emcees come wack like Anaconda snakes who bomb us
Doin the mambo with the devil, once signed, in stone they level
Rebel soul defeats goal beyond.. small talk, moonwalk
On jealousy, they will see, destiny
Survivors analyze this on, philosophy, PSC'n and.. Sunspot
Emcees rockin any hip-hop function, luncheon
Around the world and it, goes on.. and it, goes on..
And it, and it and it and it ah, AH-AH! Hah hah!
 Ah-ah, AH-AH!The Medicine man.  Oh yeah.  Smoke One
Yeah.  This that shit nigga that you smoke off.  This the one
I know y'all flipping through this shit the CD and shit
This the one nigga
This yo' chance right NA.  Ya' know?
Get all items that you need to get yo' mutha fuckin blunt rolled nigga
Get ya' papers, what ever the fuck, lighters.  Y'all know what y'all need
Huh bra?  This what I want y'all to do:
Light something, burn something, smoke something, roll one
Light something, burn something, roll something, smoke one nigga
Light something, burn something, smoke something, roll one nigga
Light something, burn something, roll something, smoke one nigga
Man hit the mutha fucking weed bra. You playin' wit' the mutha fuckin' weed
Do do do do at the doe. Hit this bitch.  Mutha fucking roll back
Nigga make a roll back.   Mouth to the nose, roll back
I smell smoke.  Oh, say nigga when you roll the weed up
Make sho' there ain't no sticks or stems
Put the fire in the wind, then forget about how you roll
Skinny at the end, fat in the middle, long as you smoking
Don't worry about how the bitch look, gotta hold in it stick pocking out
That ain't nothing pass that bitch, put ya finger over it hit it wit ya' mouth
I bet it pull, hit this shit I betchu' get full
I don't fuck with that dry, that's good for yo' ass I told ya' that's fire
Stick, aloud, expensive, light light green don't touch no brown
Ya' can't stand up, ya' eyelids feel about 200 pounds
Mouth dry as the fuck, yeah this bitch hea' high as a duck
Ready to leave, but can't go nowhere 'cause looks like ya' stuck
Now get off the floe'
You don't know what you pull so don't try this no me
Stop that frontin', and if you can't handle it then give me my dope
Nothing but bud, tastein' no seeds
Swallow that shit, nigga you wastein' the weed
You don't know what I got, nothing but dro'
I'm to hold back y'all this about ten time I'm bout to start smokin'
Moving in slow motion, moving in slow motion
Moving in slow motion, moving in slow motion
I got some more man. That bionic-chronic
Yeah nigga, this the smoking one.  fa -sho
Boy just smoke something nigga
And uhhhhh, how many mutha fucking times
Is y'all nigga gonna be waiting for another verse?
Man, when is y'all gonna learn?  This the smoke something man
You ain't gotta know all that bra.  Know what I'm talkin' about nigga?
Smoke something.  Smoke something.  Smoke something.  Yes indeedY a des hauts, y a des bas
Mais il faut prendre le temps de s'écouter
Pour qu'on chemine ensemble
Sous le même parapluie
Même s'il y a des hauts, y a des bas
J'ai envie d'prendre dans les bras, de parler
J'ai froid, j'te cherche dans l'lit mais t'es pas là
On s'est pris la tête pour un truc bête, je boude
J'fais l'fier au lieu qu'on s'serre les coudes
J'traîne tard la nuit pour tuer l'temps
Mais quand j'rentre, c'est l'vide, j'avoue tu m'as jamais manqué autant
Fais chier, j'ai vu et revu tous mes films cultes
J'aimerais t'passer un coup d'fil mais j'ai peur qu'on s'insulte
J'en ai marre de cette distance
J'aimerais te dire allez on recommence, une seconde chance, j'trouve pas les mots
Et plus l'temps passe, plus on s'éloigne
J'sais plus quoi t'dire, plutôt j'sais plus comment te dire, je...
Y a des hauts, y a des bas
Mais il faut prendre le temps de s'écouter
Pour qu'on chemine ensemble
Sous le même parapluie
Même s'il y a des hauts, y a des bas
C'est facile de dire c'que tu dis au jour d'aujourd'hui
Tu t'souviens quand tu disais qu'là où les gens s'aiment, il n'fait jamais nuit
Moi mes nuits j'les passais toute seule
Quand tu t'foutais d'ma gueule
Quand tu disais j'reviens dans cinq minutes
Tu préférais traîner avec tes potes ou avec je n'sais qui
Toute façon, maintenant j'm'en fous, fais ta vie
Raye mon numéro d'ton répertoire, j'veux plus t'voir
Même si je sais qu'au fond j'ai encore des sentiments pour toi
Arrête tes mythos, tu vas m'remplacer vite fait
Vous êtes tous les mêmes, refais ta vie, j'refais la mienne
T'as jamais su m'comprendre
Toujours eu besoin d'gueuler pour t'faire entendre
Moi j'voulais juste qu'tu sois plus tendre
Plus présent, plus à l'écoute, attentionné
Tes coups d'crasse, j'ai pas besoin de les mentionner
J'me sens trahie, laisse-moi l'temps d'réfléchir
J'me sens vidée, j'ai besoin d'm'éclaircir les idées
Oui allô?
Allô, c'est qui?
Ouais, c'est moi ma puce, t'es où là?
Pourquoi tu m'appelles? J't'ai d'jà dit
Comment ça pourquoi j't'appelle? Tu sais très bien pourquoi j't'appelle
Tu m'appelles, tu m'demandes où je suis, n'importe quoi. Déjà, pfff... j'ai pas à m'justifier, j'en ai marre de t'le dire, j'fais ma vie maintenant, j'te l'ai déjà, j'fais ma vie
Ta vie, c'est la mienne, ma vie, c'est la tienne, tout c'que j'veux, tout c'que j'veux c'est qu'on s'voie face à face, qu'on s'explique. C'est pas une question trop facile, qu'est-ce tu veux qu'j'te dise? Tu veux qu'j'te dise quoi, que tu m'manques?
Non
Tu veux qu'j'te dise quoi?
Comment tu veux qu'j'te l'dise? J'te l'dis moi, oublie-moi s'il-te-plaît
Vas-y arrête XXX cette histoire-là, viens on s'voit face à face
Non, j'ai plus envie! C'est trop tard maintenant, oublie-moi
Y a des hauts, y a des bas
Mais il faut prendre le temps de s'écouter
Pour qu'on chemine ensemble
Sous le même parapluie
Même s'il y a des hauts, y a des bas
Ma puce, ne pense pas que j'te baratine
C'que j'ressens pour toi c'est plus profond qu'l'océan
Mais tu m'as pas laissé l'temps d't'expliquer, j'suis pas l'seul fautif
Même si c'est vrai qu'j'suis pas démonstratif
Allez, viens, on prend l'temps d'se voir, s'parler
Chacun reste de son côté, ça va rien nous apporter
J'comprends qu'tu sois fâchée
Mais est-ce que ça vaut l'coup de tout gâcher?
Moi c'est dans ton cœur que j'aime me cacher
Nous deux on va faire plus d'efforts
Chacun va reconnaître ses torts, ça sert à rien d'bomber l'torse
On va tourner la page, ma douce
Quoi qu'il advienne, je sécherai tes larmes et toi les miennes
Y a des hauts, y a des bas
Mais il faut prendre le temps de s'écouter
Pour qu'on chemine ensemble
Sous le même parapluie
Même s'il y a des hauts, y a des bas 
Y a des hauts, y a des bas
Mais il faut prendre le temps de s'écouter
Pour qu'on chemine ensemble
Sous le même parapluie
Même s'il y a des hauts, y a des bas"Oh you"
"I'm comin' for ya, comin' for ya"
 
I'm comin' for ya
A motherfuckin' black warrior
Don't need no Battle Axe, Def Jux, Stone Throw ya
Don't want a brother
I'm comin' straight for ya
Slappin' bitch lawyers and promoters on the foyer
Balcony, you gon' never stop me
Cock D, straight destroyed everything
Profile on this aisle
Live baby, get down
Like Columbia, high jack a stupid bitch now
So walk man/Walkman, like the plank's made by Sony
Or any other pirate
Drop 'em to the sea
O-R-E-Y
Breathe cause I'm so fly
My nickname's Boeing
Ride till I die
Collide on 'em right, make 'em feel blue note bitch
La la la la
We do this every night
We a team
Cut so supreme
Fake fools go last like we Capitol's yeah
 
Effect is on
Lucky I'm a son of uhh
Back to kill it
Naw, I didn't call her a bitch, time to get it
I'm comin' for ya
Runnin' under bridges they burnin'
Can't stomach bullshit, can't be concerned with
None of that
Nonsense, options, I'm crossin' T's
And I's/eyes be PSC on that hot shit
They make me nauseous
Guard up, cautious
Mashin' through a gang of these punks like a mosh pit
I need profit
Props can't feed kids
Cops don't want peace down where we live
We live day to day to day like day day's on eighteens
We still keep 'em clean like Friday
Next, next next time I'mma beat 'em up my way
But rappers can't chunk 'em
So momma just punk 'em
On some King James, take the lane, just dunk 'em
Put 'em on a poster
Lucky's comin' for ya
Brushin' off the parasites, hangin' on my shoulders
Playin' real life Punch Out with promoters
I try to show this
Get my motherfuckin' money
Fork it over
 
I'm comin' for
Runnin' for, gunnin' for
Whatever for, editor of metaphor
Competitors, I'm your apex predator
Comin' for ya, got ya number, like the creditor
I said it's war and nobody drew down
So I laid 'em flat like the perm on Dru Down
Who now?
Who's gonna step up?
I heard Murs got a brand new bitch
Shut up
Pelican mouth on a hummingbird ass
Mouth wrote a check that your butt can't cash
Flash forward, you see you can't beat the odds
Living Legends, you can't defeat the gods
Believe in yourself, don't deceive yourself
Make a plan, stick to it and receive the wealth
Yeah
 
Life's a gamble
Without Casino, street rules
Good Fellas, like Al Pacino
And these fools?
Keep laughin'
But I ain't no comedian
I ain't no ? though
Y'all don't wanna see me when it's stand up comedy
Becomes gut bustin'
Knock out punchline, to me slap or crushin'
Keep actin' funny with me it's gonna get hilarious
Explainin' to your family what happened through parodies
Like ha ha, half chokin', part crazy, y'all silly
Dead serious with a smile like, "Naw really"
In Living Color and I'm A Get You Sucka
Major Payne like Damon Waynes
And y'all Dumb and Dumber at your funeral
Def Comedy Jam
I be like, "Thanks for comin' out y'all
God Bless, good night."
"Oh you""Je suis gonflé à bloc"
Mets-toi à poil, enlève tout
Ferme ta gueule, tourne-toi, de profil, accroupi, tousse
Les dents serrées, tôt c’matin, ils m’ont serré
Passager dans un convoi spécial, tout serré
Les yeux fixés dehors, en m’disant putain c’est mort
Sur un coup d’folie ma vie a basculé de-spee
Tellement j’ai galéré au dépôt
Même pas lavé, j’ai froid, j’suis pressé d’arriver en cellule
Dans ma tête les idées s’entrechoquent
Des marques aux poignets à cause des menottes
Encore une fouille, empreintes, photos
Ça casse les couilles, ça fait trois jours que j’ai les mêmes sapes
Paquetage, cellule d’arrivant, j’ai la dalle
J’ai du café et un sandwich au fromage
Sur le mur, y a une phrase qui dit
"Bienvenue à bord et sois fort"
J’suis fatigué, j’m’endors
]
Gonflé à bloc, je sens l’poids du temps
C’est réel, j’suis en plein dedans, c’est pas un film
Gonflé à bloc, la routine, c’est réel
J’me gratte la tête, je tourne en rond, c’est réel
J’ai pas choisi d’venir ici, moi, j’ai été obligé
Quand leur justice m’a détourné d’mes projets
J’reste debout, même si la charge à porter est lourde
Pour garder l’moral, j’fais des pompes et la barre
Ils ont voulu m’couper les ailes couz’
En m’mettant à l’écart, bloqué au bloc 4-312
Premier tour, deuxième tour, t’as vite fait l’tour
Dans ma cellule avec Refrè Parano on fait saigner l’Bic
Ici c’est chaque corps, chaque esprit, ceux qui résistent
Ceux qui s’plient et ceux qui prient
En promenade c’est un cours d’EPS
Des tess, Rastanos, c’en est où les RPS?
J’ai pas besoin de t’dire que l’maton t’guette
Quand y a parlu, c’est d’la boulette
En cage presque H22
Je réalise que c’est loin main-de
J’suis pas libre de mes mouvements
C’est la merde, l’année commence malement, salement
C’est la merde, mais faut garder la pêche y a pas l’choix
Wesh gros, un peu d’re-spo
J’voulais décoller, Nicolas m’a collé
J’réalise le poids du temps ici
J’préfère être en chien dehors que blindé en étant ici
Bien sûr, ça dépend d’la balance mais n’oublie pas
Les keufs sont en chien sans balance
J’tricote quelques raps même sans matos
Je me dis qu’c’est à la fin du bal qu’on paye les musicos
Pour l’instant, cellulaire lère-ga
J’dois l’ter-gra, tant qu’le cœur bat cousin y a pas dra
La vie continue, je m’dis c’est pas fini
Comme Voletta Wallace ou Shakur Afeni
Qu’est-ce tu veux qu’j’te dise de plus à part qu’ma famille me manque
Pour l’instant j’suis dans les cages françaises
Aïe aïe aïe
Mystik, DJ H à la prod
Pour tous les gens enfermés
Gardez la pêche! La patate!
Suray, Marek, nez bouché, Yesten Smoko
XXXX
Wesh ma gueule Alonso
Dis leur bien, AMJ va donner ça bien, bien
7-7-1-0-0The secret war
Issues of a complicated manner
Hammer away at my mood
As I stay glued to the possibility
That really it's all o.k
Silly of me to think that things would ever go my way
Though some do
There's more than few that don't
Won't you please take the time to ease the strain from my shoulders
Hold this for emotion
Way down as I convey sounds of anger, frustration
Or combinations of many
Feelings and thoughts from inside
I let my pen slide, plannin'
Commend me with the purchase of my underground tape
But if your coming up short be a sport and just wait
You know I'll be here
I give my word, put my life on it
Not sonically agreeable with ears I'll be the vehicle
We're transporting info not too simple but direct
If it wasn't for the mic cash I'd barely have a check
At all. Wall to wall carpet lines my room
At night I sleep in comfort
But when I awake I make a tomb
What more can I ask for?
But a piece of ass and cash for
My last war of struggle hasn't sounded
I'm surrounded by the land that they babble in
Traveling the globe. Call me beety
Gonzales
Flawless victor mic ripper to the power of ten
Showering men with paragraphs of pleasure
Whatever the weather
Treasure this like gold
Watch the world go by
Watch the world go by
Premeditated conviction an extra-ordinary convenience
Places you and me in a steady communication surpassing light years
Calculating infinity. infinity lasting a prophecies hit
Abominable affecting the human race war race, we breathing
Galaxies align-ign-i
Planetary on fire. hot
Running but cooling down but at the same time
Too smart that we found y'all
Older than I thought I'd be
In the never mental quest
Of
Death
The most imitated
Creation
Can anybody hear me?
Watch the world go by
Watch the world go by
I'm angry
I listen, the slit of darkness
By your bedroom door
Your mind is lost to confusion
And the mental war
I'm angry paying these rocking emotions
You even stained
Freak
Just robbed your thought pattern
I appear silhouetted by a lantern
Stuck on your wall
Stand on your head and
Find a place to crawl in
Angry again, fuck them
Sometimes I can't seem to grab a pen
And write your last wishes
Going to call out all their funky ass
It switches from time to time
It depends on what's on your mind
The anger that fear rips from a bitch named hate in this time
 
It was me against a planet of deceit
It was me against a planet of deceit
The anger that fear ripped from the bitch name hate
They wanna getcha. make your ass delete
Wait
So why the fuck you judging?
Why the fuck you talking?
You need to say noting unless
These shoes you walked in
So who the fuck you judging?
Why the fuck you talking?
You need to say noting
Unless you dead, you fucking walked in
Your running from time
The anger that fear ripped from the bitch name hate
Your running from time
Mother fucker, you listening?
Right
Watch the world go bySpoken:
How come nobody listens to the message anymore?
I mean, beats is fresh and everything
But don't nobody realize that the world don't stop spinning
:
I know this place, I swear I've been here before
My mind state confining like a ceiling and a floor
Plus four walls, no door, I scramble for the exit
Can't connect with the key even though it's deep inside me
And I know this, man, I wrote the plan out
Sorta like a blueprint but it never seemed to pan out
I put my hand out, but nobody's there
Thin air plays my partner in times of despair
Rare with the value of no deal and demanding
Commanded by myself, I'm the pilot and I've landed
It's granted that I'm gifted and unrestricted
Yet I'm feeling hella stuck
Somewhat convicted of an uncommited crime
Dropping rhymes like tomorrow isn't gonna come
Is it? Don't borrow from the thoughts of the next man
Answer me with feeling
Sacks of stimuli open eyes when I'm dealing
Chorus:
For the times you sang
For the times you cried
For the people who died to let the future survive
Alive...yea-yea!
:
Blind to the world, born as a child
Wild how you never know where to go
But you gotta trust your soul, the more you know
Educate your mind, expand through the time on earth
With search and conquer fear, if you choose love through God
If you hear my screams before it's too late
Too many victims of hate have fallen
I'm calling all within the realms of this voice, you have a choice
Live or die, why have the power of a bomb if you can't uplift the times
I'm a piece of magic left in your tape to radiate truth
As well as make you throw your hands up in the air
At the show and get loose
I was born in the beat and drum
It's funny how they tried to run fear to the homes through the news
Inject propaganda to all the homes that viewed the programs
Uncle Sam brainwashed the elder generation
To give hopes to rule conquered nations
Lost on capitalist pseudo-democracy translation
If you don't get up off your ass and do something
They gonna choose your life for you, ain't that somethin'?
The future is coming, summon all the sheep on the field
Make some noise, and grab some boys
And change the stolen world, yeah
CHORUS
:
Forced into a nature of man
Gone beyond these streets we walk upon
Built of piss and fear
Here I'm a misfit, never choosing to conform
As I stand within the storm
I held my bloody fist to the sky
I warned them, "You can never stop us!"
Even though you try to drop us
Let their ????? , wet dream
But it's hard when your president is Freudian
I saw Fred Ingles at the podium dressed as Nixon
Who's really tricking me and you?
I think someone's trying to play us for a fool
It costs more to keep you in jail than it does to toss your ass in school
And the tuition is rising......
Rise...alive...survive...
Will you rise?
CHORUS
Yeah, we can't die...Dernier morceau d’l’album, trois Blackos et un Blanc
Dieu aime ceux qu’il éprouve, pour moi il a un plan
On n’était pas censés être là, regarde c’qu’on a accompli
Loin d’leur programme à s’battre avec la vie
Jusqu’à l’international, I represent
Écoute-les parler d’biff, ils marchent pas dans la jungle
À chaque fois qu’on kicke un beat, on n’fout pas la honte
Poursuivis par nos antécédents
, on affronte
Solidaires, on veut sortir d’la chienté
Un jour viendra, on rigolera devant ceux qui nous méprisaient
Drôle d’époque, triste France, l’écriture s’est appauvrie
Même nos larmes c’est des poèmes, c’est la connerie qu’on applaudit
J’pense aux frérots d’galère à qui j’ai dit à tard plus
Transfert d’une piaule à une autre, on s’est perdus d’vue
Y a d’la demande donc ça tombe pour importation
Le stress monte quand j’entends notification
Suffit pas d’avoir la tête dans les étoiles pour se prendre pour un Galactic Boy
Au fond on prend des coups, les rats d’égout passent par la rigole
Ces cons veulent prendre des sous ces gars m'dégoûtent, voilà la riposte
Mon arme est dans ma bouche, c’est R.E.D.Kalachnikov
Blah! Jouez pas les B-boys, d’ici je vois c’qu’ils mijotent
Des bâtons dans les roues mais bon je roule au ralenti boy
Bling-bling, bla-bla, paraît qu’c’est ça le hip-hop
Très peu d’nos gars déterminés, beaucoup de gars qui chipotent
J’me marre et rigole, poto faut te méfier
Ou bien avec les ficelles du métier c’est ta carrière qu’ils ligotent
Je kicke sévère et XXX en calmant ceux qui s’disent forts
J’arrive déter et ce, malgré le peu de miettes qu’on picore
Y a pas du tout de bluff, j’suis pas de ces rappeurs qu’on pistonne
Magnitude neuf c’est l’tremblement des frères qui frissonnent
Je suis sain, mes frères m’épaulent
La plume de l’adversaire est si légère que je n’ai pas besoin d’en faire des tonnes
En direct de la soli-soli
Solidaires, on veut sortir d’la chienté, fais passer l’message
Mystikamente
M.Y.S.T.I.K., R.E.D.K, Gino, M.O.H A.H
On sait qui sont les faux, on les calcule pas
Par contre si t’es un vrai, lève ta main fais yeah
What you fuckin’ say? Lève ta main fais yeah
XX0X Lève ta main, fais yeah
Les crocs sortent, vénère, j’ai pointé leur grattage de feat
Du coup, j’suis un faux, genre j’ai jamais vendu de shit
Qu’ils viennent sur un morceau, j’leur dégonfle les biceps
Sur XXX trop de suceurs dans ce bizness
Vas-y j’pète mon cigare
Prends un ticket et fais la queue, comme la gagne au billard
Paraît qu’tu me cherches, viens me voir, ne fais pas un clash
J’suis au Panier, j’bois un kawa, je gratte un Cash
Dans la vraie life, sont où les you-voy tah le Queens
Pour un Planète Rap, je les ai vu danser le twist
What the fuckin say, c’est la mode du fuckin work
Mes khos font du boogie boogie avant la prière du soir
L’art et la manière d’attirer la foudre
Parle en euros, le reste on n’en a rien à foutre
J’suis pas la relève, àl depuis l’époque de la cassette
Bim bam boum, mais qui c’est?
La vérité est détestable
Rappeurs frauduleux détectables
Ils reviennent à la rue quand l’siège est éjectable
Face à l’encouragement, XXX
Que Dieu nous guide, cette putain d’musique est maléfique
On change pas d’équipe, on change pas d’discours
XXX y a pas d’star ici, on fait dans l’discount
Crois-tu que j’vais m’justifier à chacun d’mes textes?
On sert d’exemples aux jeunes, j’veux pas leur parler d’alcool, de sexe
Pudeur, principes à l’africaine, place-moi un cut
Ségrégation, j’aurais charclé du cow-boy dans l’Connecticut
Ils nous bloquent la route, ils complotent contre nous
Mon baroud, le rap mon combat XXX ça roule
La qualité sonore transperce le boycott
Fuck les autres, j’suis pas égocentrique, bomboclot
C’est M.O.H., Gino, R.E.D.K., Mystik
C’est quartiers Nord XXX dans le tracklisting
]
En direct de la soli-soli
Solidaires, on veut sortir d’la chienté, fais passer l’message
Mystikamente
M.Y.S.T.I.K., R.E.D.K, Gino, M.O.H A.H
On sait qui sont les faux, on les calcule pas
Par contre si t’es un vrai, lève ta main fais yeah
What you fuckin’ say? Lève ta main fais yeah
XXX Lève ta main, fais yeahDis c'que t'as à dire
Sois celui qu'tu veux être
Reals recognize reals : les vrais reconnaissent les vrais
Dans l’quartier, les condés c’est des Crips
Incarcérés finissent nos dreams
Les derniers témoins d'la liberté, c’est les grands artistes
Illusion, déception, sans prétention
Dans le monde du rap, Monsieur Mystik figure d’exception
Ne vis pas par procuration
En vrai l’argent c’est un problème pas une solution
I try to do the right thing #SpikeLee
Mais y’a des risques et des barreaux sur le ch’min du milli'
Mon body taillé à la Bruce Lee
Fuck everybody, je m’suis construit par myself
Comme Gino, je pratique réglo
Mais dans l’coin c’est restreint, gros
Le monde des hommes est clos
Y’a des roses qui jaillissent d’une douloureuse racine
Écorché vif, la tête de vainqueur
Magique, donner ça toujours vrai, ma putain d’règle
Regarde-moi bien, rien à voir avec ces house nigga
La tête de vainqueur avec le cœur nigga
Moi c’est M-Y-S-T-I-K
Magique, j’suis bien dans mes baskets, t’es un rookie, un novice
Hey, j’ai fait la guerre pour être peace, tu crois qu’je blague ?
J’ai vu des blackos jouer les vrais en public, des lèches-culs en coulisse
On fait peur, on vient d’la tess
J’suis John Lennon en solo, ma puce cramée, comme mon groupe, je les ai téj
J’suis né en Afrique, j’ai grandi en bas des bâtiments
Depuis mes premiers écrits, y’avait un rayonnement
Me stopper ? Vous êtes crazy ?
Si tu croises mon rap, tu lui dois l’respect, tu dis "XXX"
Si t’es sous la pluie, t’inquiète, le soleil viendra
L’argent, ça va, ça vient, c’est les bons moments qu’tu retiendras
Ton tour viendra, ne lâche rien
Malgré le manque de bonnes tartes à la base, on a construit un ch’min
M-Y-S-T-I-K, j’suis pas un house nigga
Civilité : Ghislain Loussingui-DiabakaMAN!! 
DAMN!! I ain't never felt like this before
I AIN'T RIGHT!!, f*ck, this shit ain't right
Huh, huh, I AIN'T RIGHT!!, huh
Shit ain't right
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm f*cked up in the head
But everytime I go on - bitch, ran my coat on
Bitch gonna take my clothes off
You niggas are crazy like roaddogs
You can do what you wan' do
And say what you want - just don't play wit' me
Go wit'cha flow go, just don't call me bitch OK?
BACK OFF, BACK OFF!! Mind your business
Damn dog, didn't know you were ever gonna drop
Nigga, soon as I finish, I'm gonna make your motherf*ckin'
Record Store look like it just got broke with a crowbar
I ain't gotta stand up in this bitch, take your hands on - throwed off, throwed off
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
Niggas be testin' the street like dick-birds
Then they start day-dreamin', watch my tons and hit curbs 
Then I f*ck my eyes and spit in my face - they got bad nerves
I smoke - funny - ain't lust and use bad words
But I'm in another revolution - motherf*cker seem with his ASS HEARD!!
If you ever in your car and you play my game, throw the password
Cause it doesn't rest its head with an exquisite hand and they BLAST FIRST!!
I can't stand my next door neigborhood, so I'm here to get a transfer
They won't stay over my GRASS - fur, I ain't right
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed...
Check this part out right here
Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum - I smell a sticky nigga roll up one
Get back if you ain't got none
If you ain't 'BOUT it, then nigga don't come
We tear this bitch up everytime we come through
Actin' stupid, bitch - you know what I do
Lookin' like I come from Artabozoo
Where the feeders gumbo and cross-fetch too, huh
I get down cause I come up around the checkin' line
Kell - stop that f*ckin' track - I've lost my mind
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off 
I'm throwed off , I'm throwed off
Hickery-dickery-dock - get 'em - jump off my cock
Bitch - get out my face and whore - stay out my pocket, that's right
Everytime I come in the kitchen, put two in the kitchen
Gettin' fat, eatin' all the f*ckin' food up but ain't washin' the dishes
The F*CK YOU MEAN do I have somethin' else to drink?
You just got through emptyin' the jug out the hands - its the same
THAT'S IT - gotta get the f*ck out
Bitch about to schold your hand to the door
Nigga, I don't play that shit, better ask somebody
Bitch - thought you know
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off
I'm throwed off, I'm throwed offMeet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your man
Meet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your man
[Verse 1: Awa &
Oldwun
]
I know it's not for real
But we can groove like
We were lovers
Underneath the moonlight
Just till the end of the song 
Then we can go back to what we were doing before 
When you hear this jam play it's time for me and you
Meet in the middle of the floor for that rendezvous
Nobody else matters in the spot but us
And anybody got a problem move to the back of the bus
Ain't no fussin', no hidden agenda's, there's no frontin
When it comes to us, you know it's pure lovin
If it just so happens to lead to somethin' somethin'
When it time to leave you ain't telling your friends nothin'
Meet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your man
Meet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your man
[Verse 2: Junz &
Sabre
]
So speaking hypothetically
You're out feeling the scene
Got your hair down, on the floor dancing with me
Just a lil bit of time is all it takes
To step to the edge and take that leap of faith
So whenever you ready, it's OK
But 3 minutes and 30 seconds
Come and sway my way
Get up and step out to the land of opportunity
Nothing to worry about, just you and me
Fast forward three years and we're still on the floor
But this time it's for real 
Matter fact let's be precise you're my wife
And Mr DJ still hold it down tonight
But this is the special edition, the encore track
Dedicated to you, the dance floor packed
Eyes meet together in the centre of the room
In amongst the crowd but all I see is you
Let me break it on down
Smooth it out like a slow jam
Just take my hand 
Cause right now I'm your man
Meet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your man
Meet you at the dance floor
Baby let's pretend
You are my girl
I am your manWe got the hook-up
Hook it up hook it up
Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
Yo, yo, yo I demolish emcees in the south go south
Sound few projects that really don't doubt
Well as I remember I was 12 years old
Didn't know about fronting or playing a role
Yo thought I was slick, felt harder than bricks
With my Mr. duh and my uptown kicks
Its my time to come in this bitch and put my foot down
I'm getting ready to fitting knock your mothafucking door down
Cause when Ol Dirty Bastard doing something you know its bout to go down
All them motherfuckers that didn't know I bet they know now
Bitch you better slow down before you get tore down
The click I roll with, weak niggas can't go round
Nigga we hot bring your ass to the ground
OWWWW, hard to pronounce
Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
Watch cha waiting thru your rap fatigues
If the mc world was a minor league
See would niggas cease where it is unique
Tear itzzzz up from an old antique
Don't inspect the project, bet on you frees
Hardhead, startin that said siamese
I never like rhymes that's incomplete
Then again obsolete, shall I repeat
Its an easy street for a nigga who earn
Learn so dern and a nigga return
Add intelligent, positive messenger
Experiment negative Lucifer
I'm intelligent so excellent
Girls wanna talk to me I don't give you know hint
Will I wait a moment give you a compliment
Bitch do you think this is some sort of entertainment
Forget about that, that's just experiment
Damn a nigga blew a fuse off the things I invent
Allow myself, my fresh reducement
Better step to the left of the rap lightning
There's no replacement for my supplement
Of the new testament cause what I say is what I meant
Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
Motherfucker WOO SHIT I'm a stomp you bitch
H-bomb on a nigga cause you can't do this
When I pull up my bitch we all spray, bitch be gone its gone be on
It'll be a motherfucking murderer on this microphone
I ain't gone die no ho BOY, I'm out the N.O
I'm a 5-0-4 BOY, you a fucking fool
I'm A 5-0-4 BOY, No Limit and WU
I'm ROWDY ON THE FLOOR BOY
Huh nigga what
Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click*Citation de 2Pac*
Chère Maman pleures pas, ton black boy va bien
Ici je m'accroches, t'as fais de moi un gars bien
On attends les jours meilleurs, je me maintiens
On part loin, bonne journée, avec la pluie sans s'entendre bien
Ce qui est fait est fait, ça sert à rien de regretter
Ce qui importe c'est ce que je vais faire de ma liberté
Dans les moments durs il m'a donné de la force
Le fils d'Afeni Shakur, souris à la vie elle te souriras en retour
"Life goes on" pour l'instant ce que je vois
C'est des petits jeunes qui pètent les plombs et que la prison empoisonne
Suicide carcéral, mort sans assistance
Souvent ce que subissent les proches dehors, on en parle pas assez souvent
Quant à la zik, c'est devenu un truc de ouf
C'est devenu big, contrôle jugés au faciès, toujours fuck les pig
"Thug life" pour de vrai, véridique
Fréro Amaru, sometimes I cry like you
XXX for me XX
XXX
XXX for me
Ils voudront nous tuer à défaut de nous faire taire
Peu le savent, y'en a plein qui ont des tensions arbitraires
Dès le réveil, les corones à l'envers
J'écoute "All Eyez on Me",
tous au bord d'une deuxième affaire
J'aime la détermination, pas l'arrogance
Rester vrai c'est une révolution au royaume des apparences
J'ai que ma gueule comme costume d'apparat
La plupart se déguisent, ou vont chez Sean McNamara
Avec la justice c'est pas le grand amour
Fréro dans la hagra y'a pas de bravoure
Ouvre la porte surveillant, c'est mon jour de douche
J'rap lourd, XXX m'a dit j'ai de l'argent dans la bouche
Au menu la débrouille, des pâtes et du riz
La gamberge, la routine et des moments de gol-ri
Nos parcours de vie sont loin d'être féeriques
Coincés au trou en mode yoyo téléphérique
En direct du studio Propagande Records
Mon fréro XXX
Mon poto Blacksoze à la prod
XXX à Pac
Rest in peace my niggaC'est pas moi qui ai inventé les règles
Moi, les règles, j'leur pisse dessus
Faut qu'on s'accroche, parce que cette putain d'vie tient qu'à un fil
On a l'oreille musicale, MC tu touches même pas une bille
Dans ton quartier t'es un boss, chez nous t'es ridicule
Des XXX veulent nous diviser avec des faux calculs
Chauds bouillants, même en hiver on ramène la canicule
Mon blaze à moi c'est Kozi Nyama, t'entends pas j'récapitule
Dans ma vision, j'vois des frères de sang s'faire caner pour des tunes
Quand t'es au hebs, tout l'monde t'oublie, résultat zéro d'pécule
Eh, qu'est-ce que les fils de pute connaissent de ma life
Maintenant qu'j'suis libérable le XXX va s'faire marave
Que les jaloux craquent, et qu'le Tout-Puissant nous bénisse
Les mundélés nous traitent de sale nègres car on est pénibles
En bref, derniers au départ mais preum's à l'arrivée
J'exécute vu qu'les esprits XXX en ont rêvé
Aujourd'hui, des mecs que j'mettais bien veulent me voir crever
Tu veux test', ça va sentir la violence avec un grand V
Ouais, c'est le mec que l'on nomme Mystik, Mystikamente
Viens ici y a d'la chaleur c'est mucha caliente
Normal, y a Kozi Nyama, Shone d'Holocost, Ghetto Star 101
Kemso a.k.a S.C
C'est plus des lettres mais de l'encre de sang que mon cœur a versée
Toi à Marseille, moi à la Santé mais il nous faut converser
Entre des pompes et des embrouilles de tess, j'lis quelques versets
Frère, j'ai eu une vision XXX craint d'se faire percer
Quand j'vois des tubes sur le feat j'balance le pied pour m'bercer
J'fume des dièses sur les rimes des res-fré
Demande à XXX SC, j'suis là depuis l'début même si le gnouf m'a blessé XXX
J'regarde la roue tourner lentement
Mais j'ai les pieds dedans, j'me mélange pas avec leur biz gluant
J'tise et rime comme un ouf car c'est mon blues que j'sens
SC
]
Got to the mother fucking bitch
Got the mother fucking pitch
Get a mother fucker
Same shit
C'est Shone, couleur charbon fumé, du shit inhale
Petite je peux t'broyer pose pas les yeux sur moi, j'baise sale
Entends-toi avec moi mais ne cherche pas à me fréquenter
Là où j'ai chié, il est certain qu'tu n'aurais pu chier
La vie nous a tous choqués, ici qui peut l'nier
Quand tu montes sur le ring tu t'fais droiter, fais pas le mec étonné
Ma paire de Cartier a plus de vécu qu'tous ces trous du cul
Arrête d'chialer sur l'son, ça m'fait rien comme les larmes d'une taspé
Banlieusard, grillé quel que soit l'aspect
Coupe afro négro, les fils de colon m'donnent du respect
Ghetto Fab XXX, Mystik t'as tout mon respect homie
Que l'rap français soit ressuscité
Et fuck la city 
Got to the mother fucking bitch
Got the mother fucking pitch
Get a mother fucker
Same shit
Le temps c'est l'meilleur des témoins, celle-ci tu vas l'apprendre par cœur
Ils m'ont vu blackos ils se sont dit "celui-là il dort à pas d'heure"
L'intimité c'est mieux, l'argent c'est rien je l'affirme
Donnez-nous des premiers rôles, vous allez voir c'est quoi des films
À quatre sur la prod, est-ce qu'on bluffe quand on gratte
Tu fais une punchline, c'est nos cerveaux qu'faut qu'on s'soigne
Qui fait quoi, je sais pas, qui est qui, on l'sait tous
À la Eastside, Snoop, Gin and Juice
On fait du bruit en vrai on fait XXX Beetlejuice
Le poker c'est pas mon truc mais je joue cartes sur table
Kemso, Kozi, Stik-My, Shone d'Holocost Ghetto Fab
À la prod, Tipop XXX
Cause we fuckin' living same shit
We still fucking, rubbing like dat
Cause we still fucking, living same shit
En vrai, la traduction c'est
We still fucking, rubbing like dat
Cause we still fucking, living same shit
Si on rappe comme on rappe, c'est parce qu'en vrai on vit toujours les mêmes choses,
on l'sait tous faites belhani
Shone, Kemso, Kozi, Stik-My
]
Got to the mother fucking bitch
Got the mother fucking pitch
Get a mother fucker
Same shitIl ne fait jamais nuit là où les gens s'aiment
Se déchirer et entre nous on sait qu'c'est cheum
Voilà pourquoi c'est l'cœur qu'il faut qu'on actionne
Car quand on s'serre les coudes on sait qu'ça fonctionne
Laisse parler ton cœur
La voix qui te raisonne
Une lueur dans ta nuit
C'est l'amour
En retour
XXX
Frangin
, ma voix est une main sur ton épaule
Faut pas qu'on soit aveuglés par la rage ou la haine
À ne plus voir ni penser
Au contraire, dans nos cœurs qu'on devrait puiser
Transformer nos sentiments en énergie positive
La tête haute, on lâche pas, on reste positifs
Tu m'diras c'est facile à dire
Mais vouloir tout détruire, c'est pas plus facile que construire?
On a grillé trop d'feux, ça nous a pas rendu service
Je m'adresse aux jeunes man, jeunes filles
Il ne fait jamais nuit là où les gens s'aiment
Se déchirent et entre nous on sait qu'c'est cheum
Voilà pourquoi c'est l'cœur qu'il faut qu'on actionne
Car quand on s'serre les coudes on sait qu'ça fonctionne
C'est l'amour
Pour toujours
Ça fonctionne et ça fonctionnera
Ch' Allah, tant qu'c'est le cœur qu'on actionnera
On sera dans l'vrai, j't'assure
Pour l'instant on a du taf avant qu'la vie nous vole le sourire
Même les mômes sont arrachés de leur innocent univers
L'amour et la haine s'mélangent dans nos gestes, frère
Pour moi la musique c'est l'arme du futur
La feuille, le stylo, mes seules fournitures
Pour livrer mes combats
Faire la révolution dans mon propre cœur c'est le plus beau d'mes combats
On a grillé trop d'feux, ça nous a pas rendu service
Je m'adresse aux jeunes man, jeunes filles
Il ne fait jamais nuit là où les gens s'aiment
Se déchirer et entre nous on sait qu'c'est cheum
Voilà pourquoi c'est l'cœur qu'il faut qu'on actionne
Car quand on s'serre les coudes on sait qu'ça fonctionne
Laisse parler ton cœur
C'est l'amour qui résonne
Au milieu de ta nuit
C'est l'amour
Pour toujours
J'regarde le monde qui m'entoure avec les yeux d'mon cœur
Voilà pourquoi j'garde espoir et qu'mon rap est sincère
Que faut-il faire pour qu'on vive ensemble?
Faut-il crier pour s'faire entendre?
La langue n'a pas d'os mais elle est très puissante
Cousin, cousine, j'crois en la force de l'amour
Le chemin pour qu'on vive ensemble n'a pas d'épine
Il faut qu'on s'tolère
On vit tous sous l'même ciel
Il faut qu'on s'tolère comme les sourcils et les cils
On monte pas sur l'arbre avec une main
Tu donnes la tienne, j'te donne la mienne
Pour qu'on fasse mieux demain
]
On a grillé trop d'feux, ça nous a pas rendu service
Je m'adresse aux jeunes man, jeunes filles
Il ne fait jamais nuit là où les gens s'aiment
Se déchirer entre nous on sait qu'c'est cheum
Voilà pourquoi c'est l'cœur qu'il faut qu'on actionne
Car quand on s'serre les coudes on sait qu'ça fonctionne
C'est l'amour
Les paroles douces attisent la paix
En retour
Les paroles douces attisent la paix
Rastafari, béni soit Jah
Créateur de la paix
C'est l'amour
Créateur de l'amour
Tout autour de toi et de moi
Et le roi des rois
Alléluia, seul Jah c'est Jah
Oh, zéla zaya
Oh ayJ'avais pas vraiment prévu que ça se passe, comme ça
Dans ce foutoir tu as vraiment pas le choix
Je deviens dingue, je me déchaîne sur ma tignasse
T'as déjà vu la réaction d'une bête coincée dans une impasse ?
Avant d'être un mauvais garçon, il était destiné à faire autre chose
Au fil du temps, métamorphose
Que des imprévus dans sa vie
Un monde ambigu, sur les ailes du temps, le voilà englouti
Le chemin initial, oublié depuis longtemps
Complètement perdu parmi ces grands bâtiments
Le point de base, je le vois dans le lointain, poussière
Y a-t-il encore des traces d'avant-hier ?
Galerianos, la zone prend le dessus
Bouffe ta vie, tes valeurs sociales à ton insu
Tu fais partie de la foule qui rampe dans l'obscurité
Des spécimens rares, qui sont difficiles à cerner
N'importe qui pourrait faire de toi sa proie
Quand tu vis dans un monde où le meilleur et le pire se côtoient
Perpétuels combats entre deux choses opposées
Dans l'état d'esprit, le bien et le mal ne cessent de s'affronter
Le bonheur m'a rarement donné rendez-vous
Rendez-vous compte, le bien et le mal s'affrontent, je deviens fou
Au seuil de la vie dans ma tanière, croisant la galère, je dois tenir tête
Parmi les retournés de la tête en quête de pépètes
On m'a refusé l'arme de la force de la caillasse
Je suis armé de cette capacité de faire surgir en vous l'angoisse
Trop de tasses bues dans l'espace de la galère, la zone m'embrasse
Puis je suis devenu quelqu'un qui nuit
Errant ici et là, cela à forgé mon état d'esprit
Je dois être au-dessus des déboires
Je baise en brochette ceux qui essaient de balayer mes espoirs
Le pouvoir c'est le gen-ar, pour l'avoir, développe ton flair
Les obstacles, il faut les soustraire
Alors j'amasse les vices pour sortir de la masse
Personnage d'un tableau cramé, de mon côté, y'a que la poisse
Dans l'impasse, je pense à ceux qui gambergent
Entre quatre murs des souvenirs émergent
L'extérieur n'est pour eux qu'un voyage à court terme
Ils vont au placard comme un tiroir qui s'ouvre et se ferme
Enfermés, tu perds l'équilibre, tu bascules
Faut pas s'étonner que certains deviennent des crapules
Des salopards, des vermines, les plus forts éliminent les faibles
C'est comme ça que beaucoup de problèmes se règlent
On veut mettre la société à l'abri de ces soi-disant mauvais penchants
Mauvais garçons à double tranchant
Sauve qui peut, ils commencent à mordiller les fesses
Ta vie sera broyée, pas de cadeaux, pas de tendresse
L'amour des miens me sert de torche
Ceux qui passe l'uniforme, avec moi difficile d'être proches
L'avenir incertain, certains sombrent dans le doute
Les plus vicelards arrivent à gagner leur croûte
En évitant les erreurs inutiles du bizz
Tomber entre les mains d'un flic, cette angoisse fragilise
Mais t'inquiète mec, désormais les lascars frappent sec
Car ils ont les ongles et le bec
Wesh wesh cousin
A tous les gens conscients du Nord, Sud, Est, Ouest
A ceux qui n'peuvent voir plus loin qu'leurs barreaux
Matra même, on s'arrange négro
A tous les galerianos de tout poils, à toutes les cultures piétinées
Si ma langue était un couteau, combien de gens j'aurais blessé ?
Aux générations trahies, le sentiment d'être nés perdants
Engagés dans un combat truqué
A ceux errants sans but tel un cheptel réunis par son guide
Là zonant tant les poches sont vides
On nous a bercé d'illusions, pensez aux générations à venirQu'est-ce qu'y a
Wesh la tess, le Val Colinet
XXX 0-7-7 écoutez bien
Ça va péter là
0-7-7 Merko pour Val Colinet
7-7-dix keus
freestyle cru
Pour la tess 
Double zéro
Écoutez bien
Mes rimes conçues dans un bâtiment XXX mon enceinte
7-7-100 sur la carte nous spécialistes d'la feinte
Dans l'fond j'pera comme on m'a formé
Sur seize mesures, techniquement, t'inquiète pas, j'vais t'informer
Style cru, dans l'écriture y a d'la pression
Perception un texte dans l'contexte de l'oppression
Faut faire fort, pas laisser faire les faux qui perforent
Bloquent les portes, nous laissent en chien 
Faire les choses bien, concrètement bien
Truc qui sonne bien, 0-7-7 Merko rappelle-toi bien
Trop d'potentiel laissé d'côté
Caché derrière des murs, dans des blocs planqués
Rêvent que d'être plaqués puis par la vie sont claqués
Qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire, sur nous tu peux pas trinquer
Et quand j'repars c'est capte le concept
0-7-7, un rappeur de plus qui vient agir pour qu'ça s'désinfecte
Présomption d'culpabilité à éviter
Éviter d'aller en taule, mode de vie à n'pas imiter
Limiter les dégâts, les gars faut militer
Allez leur dire que dans nos vies c'est pas la même réalité
Rage, freestyle à la page
Hass, lyrics à la braise, j'pèse moi et ma base
Rap, conscient, j'arrive XXX enlève la trappe
J'crache des flammes, incendie criminel, pas d'blasphème trois bandits fly
Clashe l'instru jusque mort s'ensuive
J'suis XXX ma tess pour l'sept je sue
Y a plus d'cent salopards autour d'mon XXX
Ceci dit, mis à part ta méfiance, t'égare pas ou ils vont t'façonner artiste
Des blocs pas tristes
Ma patrie c'est l'sept et l'seum, m'ont gué-lar en banlieue Est
On insiste et on s'assiste
Zone 26 nouvelle prouesse, pas d'femelles jamais on s'abaisse, mais est-ce
Que tu sais qu'j'ai du cœur XXX des poches
Et sans rancœur j'te fauche, c'est auch
À présent tu l'sais
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, les tragédies, le fardeau
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, la rue c'est chaos
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Qu'est-ce, qu'est-ce tu peux faire face à toutes ces crasses
Face à tous ces XXX coup de crosse
Comme croire qu'ici certains XXX c'qu'on dit
Certains XXX qu'on se relaxe sans avis vénère
Comme Prost GP, tu veux rassurer ton écurie
Infaillible par ta furie XXX j'ai l'art des rimes XXX
J'y vais, les gosses captent des mots
Décrypte mon flow, mon soss arrête la case décrasse-toi les feuilles
Passe-moi une feuille
Pour ma plume
La haine au ventre, qu'est-ce, qu'est-ce tu peux faire
Qu'est-ce tu peux faire
Le ventre à l'air XXX celui qui enfume ta tête de canctre
J'ai fait l'style mercenaire
J'suis du rap mercenaire, 7-7-dix keus missionnaire
J'rêve d'être millionnaire, eh ouais mon frère
Pour démarrer, pas besoin d'starter
Les bouffons j'les exaspère
Avec mes confrères XXX on élimine les faux frères
Qui carburent juste à l'essence pulmonaire
Sur beat j'bute de façon sanguinaire
Les petites putes qui feraient mieux d'se taire
Écoute cousin, toi des blocs pensionnaire
Contre les murs stationnaire, XXX j'suis vénère
T'en a pas, t'es vénère, dans ton lit dégénère
Y a plus de XXX plus d'congénères
Y a qu'la haine qu'on génère, ces cons d'keufs s'régénèrent
Sur c'beat, sens qu'j'ai les nerfs
Fiktou, 7-7-dix keus ça nique tout
Cousin c'est comme ça qu'on fait
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, les tragédies, le fardeau
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, la rue c'est chaos
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
J'viens pas d'la ville de Lhassa comme le dalaï-lama
Vive le poulet yassa, chez toi y a pas ça
J'ressemble tellement à mon reuf qu'on pense qu'on est mapassa
XXX t'inquiète chez moi on smoke ça non fais pas ça
J'te dis chez moi on smoke ça
Mes frères, XXX au bled ils check la nioka
Ici on gaze pas donc la ramène pas et bois ça
On vient s'placer, XXX fabriqué
Dans la poubelle tu jettes makassa
On tape le XXX
Comme Jean Bedel Bokassa
alors XXX serre les mains sur XXX
Invite les autres présidents chez nous déguster ça
Pas besoin d'jouer les mâalem
XXX
Non, XXX micro lyriciste
Tu sais d'où ça vient, mate le tracklist
Eh, ouvre bien les yeux avant d'vouloir tout ter-sau
Frangin, l'monde, l'Europe, la France a des sous
Pourquoi crois-tu qu'on est àl
Faut prendre des tofs sur instrumental
J'suis l'instrument d'Almighty High
J'kicke pour l'amour des miens, j'kicke pour qu'on nous écoute
J'kicke pour , j'kicke pour tout smoke comme Dread Cookie
J'ai l'impression d'jouer du tam-tam sous l'eau
Personne nous capte
La faim brûle le ventre, le soleil brûle le dos
Les jeunes veulent du XXX, les parents inquiets
Mais on s'accroche car même quand il pleut, le coq trébuche pas
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, les tragédies, le fardeau
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Quand les Gremlins sortent des blocs-notes le nombre se multiplie
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"
Le haut-parleur dirigé vers le ghetto, la rue c'est chaos
"qu'est-ce que tu comptes faire?"I just want a new life
I just wanna do right x2
I took a left when i shoulda took a right
Im living wrong when i wanna live right
Not giving up ima put in a fight
Not giving up ima put in a riot
Why would you not try it
You could live a brand new life x3
I just want you to see
Everything we could be
I just wanna be the one
Living nice and having fun
I been chasing these dreams
Making them reality
As i been crossing these seas
The moneys been busting the seams
Life could get better it seems x2
Live a brand new life with Y-IT
Know that i design it
So you don't have to buy it
You know you gone like it
Im just tryna get my grind up
Its time to make your mind up
Got a new life would you sign up
Catch us in designer
You know that i buy her
Im just tryna get up in a new ride
Bout to call you up and ask if i can slide through
You been on my mind boo
Feel like im designed to
Make a life for me and you x2You would if you could
But you can't
So you ain't
The minute I step in dis bitch
I hear Oh shit Mothafucka, God Damn!
Watch out for dat nigga
You can't handle em
For a period of time
Noone can match those rhymes to mine
Im top of the line
Prickin your ass like a porcupine
I know what to do to knock your stupid ass so bad It ain't no challenge!
This ain't no mothafuckin fluke, This pure deep talent!
Im Gifted, Explicit mistressed and Explicit
Brand new home, same old nigga
I ain't playin with you bitches!
Why you niggas be rappin
Like your scared and unprepared
Im gonn have ya leave this mothafucka sayin Whatd that mothafucka said?
Gimme the bud, the weed I puff like elvis and the beetles
That gets blazed, then a couple soft MC's on pins and needles
Niggas that got beef wit me
Better bring a heater
Or either bow down to me
Cut off you dick, jesus
Thats the reason Im fuckin wit niggas
Wasup wit dem niggas dats talkin shit
You better go fuck wit anotha nigga
You can't handle this!
Oh shit, Motha Fucka! God Damn! x8
Certified rhyme busta
Bitch Nigga, Bitch nigga
Same nigga, If Im not that nigga
But that nigga from punks, still come with the rif raf
Went from Gold diggin, ta gold chains
I went from Club Train, Ta Soul Train!
Fightin like a wild coyote
Like capone, hot seller
Keep your fuckin deck deader, then a bad woodpecker
I dont like niggas tryin ta run up on my shit and set
Im the tarantula on the catipillar, Bitch ill kill ya
Catch more attention, then oriental peacocks
Phat rhymes, Hot tracks, A full room of rebocks
Ive got the gift thatll make a Bitch get off me
Spent like charles barkley
So bitch Dont start me!
Whos that click?
Use to be mobbin in my hood
Beware! Here I go!
Get that boy good
Come like, there I was
When were yall idiots in the cut?
I raise the hacksaw, you jump back
Now yall niggas dont want no trouble, Can't stop us
I know ya'll nigga know better than to fuck wit tha man
Dont ya 
Nigga dont you know what my style can't be poached
And every nigga around, probably got beef wit somebody
But thats the same nigga between the fighters
I ain't got it 
When underground rules, will be tha day
My legs start to shake
Another nigga couldn't off throw me on skates!
Im the supplier
The gasoline on your fire, Got em dodge em
Michael Tyler! The drunken fighter
Yall Niggas can't do what I do!
Naw Motherfuck you!
Good lord, the rhymes come through so hardcore
Bitch I got it if you bad enuff to take it
Its yours!
A lyrical ass whoopin
Is what im cookin
Hungry, Spittin all over your room when you wasn't lookin
Ain't no canibus, the wrong nigga with ta mess
You get tha flatback like rambo Bitch
YOu can't handle this!
 Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
You gotta sweat it out, let it out
Move it out, do it out
Break it out, head it out
Do it slow, what you know?
What you show on the M-I, N to the D
You ain't fucking with me
Like my ex-girlfriend
 psychologies with  degrees of funk
Peace to the underground crunk
Where we rock it down, r-r-rock it down
R-r-rock it down,r-r-rock it down
Oakland to LA
I'm straight in the California sun rays
Holidays on written sonics
Tryna change the world, think
If you feel the drama, think
If you love yourself, think
If you want to make a difference make a different outlook
You wanna be crook, still the days that it took
To get your family where they have
Shit to hail, shit to scale, shit to handrail
Ran up on my tail
Life is too short
Every time I'm on a plane
I think I'm not gonna make it
But I can't let  make it
My pride, shit no lie, until the day I die
It's a family affair like Sly
Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
Since the mercury rose
The crowds explode
And the loaded heat rows
To the day it pours
Rain stores, rainstorms, figure out the riddle
I move in good clothes and choose to stash the piddle
With the monitor I monitor the venue or some
Partake in indo, while others innuendo
A window, a new beginning
I'm winning, not five precent
I'm bending  my will power pretending living and giving my all
Attracting women again and again, the legends
Effortless evidence, isn't it how it should be?
Come on people, could we?
Have a little moment of your precious time
Swear that I'll unearth it in the afterlife
Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
I'mma let these toxins out
Because there ain't no way I can get high off of hotbox and doubt
Fear and negativity
Living inside me is an art
I don't gotta kick start
Like a water drip mark I make imprints in time
And it's on your mind with the simplest rhymes
I'm digging a ditch to bury treasure in
Measure it up over my last efforts all for self pleasuring
Who's up for bettering  the planet with a slick outlook on situations
So familiar like damn it I feel ya
Sweat drips down the brow
I'm accomplished now
I'm not swamped it's a challenge to make it happen
You need a balance to feel my rapping
Killer adapting skill
Never the yap and thrill of filling the space
I'm still in place of living for the love
Giving what I got and sweating out the bud
Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
Now I see
These days
Love unbound
Can't escape
It's like "yes sir"
Murs is fresh as Fred Segal
With the mic spread eagle so you know I had to bless her
Money shot
Luckyiam
To stand with The Grouch on a track made by Sunspot
Making Magic
Wreaking havoc on the live stage
With the DNA when 18 was my age
Three years away from legal, three years away from evil
Raise the ignorance level and I might have to see you
But I think now
You let your mind drift
I think straight shots
More valuable than gold
Cuervo
I downed it with my family surrounded
Don't feel I'm being punished just cause I'm underground
In five years of restriction
My tears and affliction
Like fear with my diction
Stand clear of the friction
Don't need no static
Cause when you fall off and lose it we still gon' have itI ain't playin!
Yall see me enter this motherfucker SHUT THE FUCK UP
I ain't playin
Talk shit behind my back
I ain't playin
I ain't playin wit you bitches
BACK yo ass  FUCK UP
Gimme some fucking room to put my gold plaque up
I fucked all dat up ROLIN I break these fuckin bitches back open
And watch me turn my dreams realistic
Dat kinda would make you wear black armour or may handset yo picnic
I'm drinkin but I'm still thirsty
Madder than a motherfucker dats why I'm cursing
Said I'm up here but when I'm live and in person
Whippin yo ass from over to the clothes to the curtain
To each and every other rapper I'm a burden
I keep'em hearin me cause I'm smooth like 
YALL niggas washed up like the turd
SO! Goin straight for your motherfuckin throat
The rhymes that I wrote
Playin is goin to get you fucked up
Bout to let you bitches know
I ain't playin wit u
I ain't playin wit you bitches
I ain't playin wit yo bitch ass
I ain't playin
I ain't playin with you bitches
I ain't playin
 
I thought I fucking told you
Bitch don't you ever
Think because I'm handsome I'm mild mannered
That you can damn me think my style ain't standard
Fucking wit the man gone get you man handled
Mixing my boot camp name up in scandals and slenderness
Dats the reason niggas got tossed off the stage in Atlanta
Niggas be actin like they hard to understand
It's bout time for niggas to represent New Orleans, Louisiana
And them steel toe boots gone stomp yo ass
One hundred some odd niggas ready to jump yo ass
STOMP yo ass way past the grass
Motherfuckers run up but they don't last
I make a lot of cash and you others bought a 
Rabbit eyes couldn't see me threw a magnifying glass
I was born in jazz and I shine like brass...  
But I ain't playin wit yo bitch ass
Like class card I ain't s-s-studdin it
Dat don't mean I'm bout to take yo shit though motherfucker 
I can see it in yo face you can see me comin
You insecure and jealous
Actin bad with yo woman
Already don't got yo money
Can't take shit from me try yo best to put your meanest face on from me
But I don't need you bitches cause you bad company
The only way you don't get stomped stay the fuck runnin from me
This motherfuckers coming up lovely
These niggas cannot run me on nuttin 
Tight as a button the album cussin the
Whooole fucking up dat nigga and use words like a deadly weapon
Grab these motherfuckers by they thumb 
Ball yo stupid ass up and make yo ass look 
Do pass where I'm standin knaw wha' I'm sayin?
When I fuck that  you betta tell'em
I ain't playin!
I ain't playin wit u
I ain't playin
I ain't playin
Fuck! I'm tired of this shit
Rappin motherfuckers
All them niggas tryin to use my name to sell there tape
I ain't playin
I ain't playin wit you bitches
It ain't that I don't want to motherfuckers
But I ain't got time to
Bitch I ain't playin
I ain't playin..Mystik
XXX
De retour à la maison, gros
DJ H, le labo
Écriture incarcérée, le boucan,
l'UCSA n'y peut rien
J'compte plus les cent pas, les séries d'pompes font plus rien
J'écris c'que j'vis, c'que j'vois derrière la fenêtre
Les Africains n'ont pas vu la couleur d'l'argent de la dette
N'essaye pas, ne rappe pas si ta plume n'veut pas contester
Des barreaux, un grillage, de la cage comment s'projeter?
Derrière les apparences se cachent des cœurs d'or
Entre la taule le pactole a sombré comme le décor
La vie c'est pas une piste de danse, tu passes devant le physio t'as glissé
Demain j'passe en visio, vont-ils me lâcher?
C'est la hass pour tout l'monde ça chasse dans les coursives
Peu d'perspectives, la sère-mi, postés au bloc à faire du biff
Ca rentre, ça sort, ça attend des transferts
La routine à la rate, ça rate des anniversaires
Des jeunes pères à la gratte ou au habs cousin
Au parloir ça fait plaisir ton gosse t'a fait un dessin
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
Privation de liberté veut pas dire privé de dignité
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
On tourne, on tourne
Comme porte de sortie beaucoup trouvent la corde
L'avocat a dit j'vais sortir mais la juge n'est pas d'accord
Je voulais négocier un PSE
Ici c'est pas l'hôtel, tu veux la télé on te prélève quarante E
Tu croyais qu'c'était cool
Dis à la France que la jeunesse cramée s'en fout du soleil, elle veut des Belin
On est des hommes, on endure demande à Annaud
Du vécu sur la gueule, on n'est pas des minots
Cellule en feu, la rage et le désespoir s'intoxiquent
J'ai côtoyé, j'ai vu la misère de près comme l'auxi
Nique le rap commercial, on baisse pas l'slip
En promenade tu connais, pompes barres dips
En attendant d'respirer ma liberté à pleins poumons
Je sais qui sont les vrais, j'emmerde tout le monde
Pas d'mytho dans mes couplets
Marre de crier "surveillant, le courant s'il vous plaît"
Zarma, des potos c'est des putes
Pas d'mandat, pas d'tabac, pas d', c'est la lutte
Heureusement que la famille, la vraie, est àl
Demain Inch'Allah j'ai un parloir, le moral
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
Privation de liberté veut pas dire privé de dignité
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
On tourne, on tourne
Les rappeurs disent qu'ils viennent de la rue, ils jouent un rôle
Moi je viens du ventre de ma mère, j'ai fini en taule
2-1-3 chemin de Morgiou les Baumettes,
mon écrou 154-947
Bâtiment A B D, la routine, la cellule, les promenades, les parloirs
Si t'as la chance d'en avoir
Pendant que je perds mon temps, dehors il y en a qui se gavent
Pas d'plaques, pas d'rayave, je sais ce que c'est que qu'être à la cave
Du mal à dormir, le boucan, des coupures de courant
Toc toc saabi baahtli chouya tabac
Eh ouais gros
Quand tu tombes, tu tombes pas seul
La famille trinque aussi
Soutenir, tenir le coup, ils font tout leur possible
Pour toute ma famille
Les potos, les vrais, ils savent qui ils sont
XXX
On tourne, on tourne
]
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
Privation de liberté veut pas dire privé de dignité
On tourne, on tourne
Chacun sa gamberge et sa peine, chacun attend son tour
On tourne, on tourne
On tourne, on tourneMystikal
The Bitch x6
The bitch been
Chorus: O'Dell
The bitch been sleepin' with me
The bitch been sleepin with me
Mystikal
I woke up this morning, dick rock hard
This time I had scratches on my back
Agghh, lipstick on my draws
Cause me and the bitch from down the street been creepin'
I beat that pussy like a heathin'
And she keep my beeper beepin'
Don't repeat this
The whole while we was sneakin' I was cheatin'
Shhh, its a secret
My lady wanna try to kill me to find out where I was sleepin'
I guees the fuck she can't find out
Come on ho hurry up and put on your mutherfuckin' clothes
Look bitch we got to dine out
She give me locks, give me knots
Put on your draws and your socks
She make unannounced frequent stops
It wouln't be nothin pleasent if she catch us
Or find them dirty love letters
Or them pictures of you in sexy teddies
She knows its heavy breathin when we finish
Legs and shit gonna be numb
And you gonna be so ?
Find your mutherfuckin' earings and fix yo hair
Come on lets bounce up out this motherfucka before
Michael, you in there
Chorus
Mystikal
I didn't want to get into it
Get involved
I know you know thats that same broad from them late night phone calls
But I swear darlin, I done begged that bitch to stop callin'
Come on don't look at me like that
It ain't that way at all
Besides shit we ain't married I ain't got nothin' to hid
If I'de a fucked I could've told ya
She said ya ain't gotta lie
Just for your information I walked down the street on the side
When you and that bitch was gettin' outa dodge
I already found all the used rubbers so I should'nt be suprised
I guess I had to see it with my own two eyes
I said what the hell, F.B.I
She a spy
Girl pull that fuckin' skin back and call me circumsized
She said yea you make me laugh but you make me cry
And I done put up with shit, them trifflin hoes and I'm tired
I said what you tryin' to say
She said I would just let you slide but I got my pride
I love you Michael but this is goodbye
You all know why
Chorus
Mystikal
And being that I'm happily unmarried with no attachments
A black bachelor with cabbage
Bitches be throwin' pussy at me
Baby you nasy
But put your number in my bepper and I'll pick you up Saturday
She said Saturdays bad I'm off Sunday
I said Sunday I gotta got to the studio
I'll hook up with you Monday
She said damn honey Monday I'm a have my Son
And Tuesday I got an appointment at the salon to get my hair done
I said shucks it ain't no thing
Baby handle your biz
I ain't got no chil'ren but Mystikal love the kids
She said thats cool I'm free Wednesday where you live
I'll get my girlfriend to drop me off over there and thats what she did
But she pulled up with a fine ass friend
She said my girlfrien gotta go to the bathroom bad
I said go on in
But I'm go in there with ya
Show you where
Made that old girl stay down stairs
While we went upstairs
Yall know damn well the bitch freind been sleepin' with me
ChorusChemin parsemé d'embûches
Toujours les mêmes en quête d'embauche
Fatalité ou destin, ou n'est-ce qu'un cercle restreint
Une spirale, un jeu
Là où les petits s'verront piégés un jour
La page tournée, la même histoire
Qui s'répète tour à tour
Les mêmes qu'on stocke comme du fumier dans tous ces bâtiments
Appartenant à ceux qu'on a stockés dans des appartements
Les petits marchent sur les traces de leurs aînés
Rêvant tous de fric, ou plus tard d'une femme qui devra les aimer
Le manque d'amour s'fait ressentir
La rue devient vite un lieu d'exil
Là où tout c'qui est interdit s'attire
Malgré le temps qui passe
Les gens n'changent pas les comportements
L'effet d'mode, quel qu'il soit, pousse
Bouleversements, gare aux débordements
Car ceux qui t'suivent sont forcément
Confrontés à vivre dans la merde
Qu'on pose inconsciemment, ont sali leur esprit
Et ce dès leur enfance
Guerre des départements, on s'haït, en fait la même appartenance
La technologie, le progrès, l'image, l'argent bouleversent
C'est chaud comme prendre l'A4 à sens inverse pour nous
Rien n'change dans la spirale
Nos petits frères vivent les mêmes galères que nous
Et portent les mêmes fardeaux qui vont pile-poil
J'vois sur leurs visages, j'entends dans leurs paroles
Les mêmes difficultés à comprendre l'éphémère
La même solitude même quand le phénomène de groupe réunit
Les mêmes angoisses face aux mêmes nuits
Les mêmes accès aux mêmes connaissances
La même rage, la même impuissance face à la même indifférence
Le même besoin d'aimer et d'être aimés
Les mêmes réalités, les mêmes envies d'traîner, d'goûter avant la majorité
Et l'école ils s'en moquent, préférant smoke pour s'évader
Traverser la légende avec des cloques aux pieds
Les pauvres parents ne savent pas c'qui s'passe
Savent rien des pièges de l'existence des gosses en fond d'classe
C'est vrai qu'la mixité endurcit pour affronter la vie
Mais l'adversité change hors les murs frérot
Et plus tard faudra trouver un taf
Et comme pour nous souvent c'est niet on fait nos trucs tough tough
Fils d'immigré, ils nous ont fait les mêmes promesses
Les mêmes illusions, on a serré la même main du destin
Voilà pourquoi on a tous les mêmes coups d'foudre
Les mêmes comportements, la même tonalité dans l'rien à foutre
Les mêmes silhouettes vulnérables, les mêmes envies d'devenir des ghetto prodiges
D'où l'seul et même rêve à seize piges
Fouillés par les mêmes keufs, les mêmes insultes, les mêmes clic-clic dans la rue
Les mêmes embrouilles pour la gloire de la rue
Faut vous habituer à c'qu'on parle toujours des mêmes problèmes
Tant qu'on vivra toujours les mêmes problèmes
Écolier ici-bas, la liberté a un prix
On a brisé les chaînes, peut-être qu'il reste le collier
La vie est un chemin d'pierres
]
Ça devient trop chaud dans l'coin mec, trop chaud! Comment on nous regarde, tu vois c'que j'veux dire?
C'est toujours les meilleurs qui s'croient obligés d'déconner et qui sont décevants. Les mecs, ils crèvent dans l'coin. Tu veux pas finir comme eux, pas vrai, hein?
Non
S'te plaît, fais-moi plaisir, essaie d'te sortir de c'monde de dingues là. Élève ton esprit, petit. Envoie chier toutes ces conneries-là. T'en as pas besoin, j'te jure:
Every man's blood boils
When turmoil or life foils his plans
I've soiled my hands puttin' work in
Tryna keep from hurtin', cuz fools be irkin' the fuck outta me
Now what do I gotta be, the epitome of nice?
Biterally precise when I talk
And assuming when I walk I never let the chip show
Cuz people try and push it and they wanna test my wits
So, I'm defensive, intense with my brain waves
And that's offensive, I sense so the pain stays close
Most don't depressurize
When I've had it up to where you can see it in my eyes
Realize there's no sanity
Hella profanity and a sort fuse to light
I snort and use the mic like a weapon
Effectin' any section I step in
Got 'em checkin' for the vibe that I'm protectin'
:
Who takes the time to look around?
That which surrounds makes the sound of compromise
Damn, they try to size up to such plateau's they'll never touch
Always talkin' about nothin', when you catch 'em, they always hush
Not much to be said, not enough to be heard when the words become absurd
When a voice of a gangsta starts to emanate from the 'burbs
Now anybody, everybody can try to rock a party
With that bump in your trunk, always drunk with your motions
With no devotion, collects an ocean of funds
In the worst way, idiots they stay this way
Me hella 'noid like a homophobic stuck in the middle of a gay parade
With no way to escape the confines of one's mind
A mental prison, a prism of thought
A crystalis of anger created by the action of strangers
A dangerous way to live your life the these days
Thinkin' he hella fresh though
A male emcee acting like a lesbo
Making one's life so stressful
That's why I escape with these with the ease of a hiatus in Fresno
:
A rusty nail in the foot
A cavity in the tooth
My threshold, the pressure build up, to me I'm aloof
And no proof of a cracking point
Mood swings like primates
Gorilla in the mist type range, I see all states
I King Kong shit, rip down the house structure
Like Empire State, the power will surely crush you
As a pun on a radio edit, or nasty soda
I'm colder in the heart when the camel back breaks
No one seen the true beast, release him and danger follows
Like sequels to horror flicks, there's no tomorrow
No sun will come out, no Annie, no Daddy Warbucks
The Hard Knock Life begins when tempers flare up
An enemy will show no mercy, take it from Percy
And stop at No Limit until the bullshit's ended
:
Rage, trapped in a cage
Wrapped in a page, you never change
Severed off from the vain
Not enough blood to complain
Rage enters the brain
Now it's a pain you can't maintain
Leaving friendships slain, always the other one to blame
Never to be the same, rage is just a game played
To someone less it runs deep on an unseen plain
Peep the problems of the average man when he's insane
Losing personality replaced by the devil's frame
Madness, uncanny love for the fact his life is lived in sadness
Can't handle the Silence so The Lambs get reprimanded
For the underhanded, underkept raging thunderclap
You're wondering "What's that?"
It's the wrath of rage-aholics, ah...
:
People playing games with my mind
Playing games every time that I find
Confined to a world, disillusion mind
I'm losing my patience, losing time
Wasting my patience, you wasting time
Not facing who you are
Enraged in cages, enslaved in graves
We lay, relay, we play
Beating on drums till the warrior battle comes
Native son chasing the moon in smoke filled rooms
Chasing hell to it's doom, boom
Like losing a check on payday
Holding a grip, it's stressful
It's not your fault, it never is
Whatever, I watch the fake, clever moves you make
Earthquake, alcohol makes a fire go crazy
Till where nothing can faze meThe birds are chirping!
Uh-ah! Uh-ah! I need a bird!
Uh-ah! Uh-ah! I-I need a bird! Ah!
Robert Dinero, boom, ugh!
Robert Dinero, I get the money 
Robert Dinero, I get the money 
Robert Dinero, I get the money 
You see how it's coming? The twenties, the hundreds?
I get the money, I get the money the money the money, I get the money, Robert Dinero!
I get the money, I get the money, I get the money, Robert Dinero!
I get the money, I get the money, I get the money
I be like andale, andale, andale, andale, andale, quick when it's coming
Andale, andale, andale, andale, andale, quick when it's coming
I get the money, you see how it's coming, I get the money
Stacking the twenties, the fifties, the hundreds, I get the money
I get the money, you see how it's coming, I get the money
Fucking writing raps tighter than grip pliers, I spit for higher
Pesos, pesos, Cinco de Mayo, Robert Dinero
Or fuckin' Richard Pryor, I'm on fire!
Your paper on a diet, liar
My pocket on Camilla, partner
I get that Draymond, I get that green nigga
I get that Andre Iguo-dollar, dollar
Teflon dollar, nickels, pennies, never, nada
Original mothafuckin' don dada
Don't snort powder, do blow ganja
I get the fifties, the multi, the millions and hundreds, the thousands
Might hurt your feelings when I hit the building, bitch I be clowning
Clown wit' it! Cold as fuck, I'm raw and uncut, I'm dope like a kilo
What do you know? Soon as I said dope, this mothafucka talkin' bout he need a kilo
I got the bestest and baddest of bitches, the sexiest fuck me
I be like andale, andale, andale, andale, bitch get from under me!
Suck my dick, bitch I'm rich and I'mma flaunt it!
If I pull up in it, then I own it
I kill these niggas deader than a weekend at Bernie's
They come with that garbage, Fred Sanford
I got that E-40 - "yup, nope"
Birds comin' faster than a nigga colon arrow in a toilet
I be callin' Remy darling, Wanda Sykes, Raven-Symoné-moné
Big Truck Records is a muthafuckin' one man army, Sylvester Stallone
Bitch I got them knuckles, bitch I got them elbows
Bitch I got them Jonny "Bones" John-John
You can call me Mystikal and you can call me Michael
Bitch, just don't call me on my phone
I got them cars and them houses, got that Benzino, I got that Larry Holmes-Holmes
I got that rabbit, got that log cabin, bitch I got syrup
I got that lethal, I got that purple, got that Danny Glover, Whoopi Goldberg
No Danny Devito on my Robert Deniro
You gon' fuck around and get the business bitch, Geraldo Rivera, shit!VERAMAC
Yeah
Mystik
Xander
Aye, aye, yeah
Look at the way that I'm movin', I'm loving the way she be shaking her body
I shoot to the left, I shoot to the right, but none of you niggas ah try me
You see me hoppin' up out of the whip, I don't even think you could line me
And that's on the set, I walk with a pipe, she give me that brain like a zombie
Look at the way that I'm movin', I'm loving the way she be shaking her body
I shoot to the left, I shoot to the right, but none of you niggas ah try me
You see me hoppin' up out of the whip, I don't even think you could line me
And that's on the set, I walk with a pipe, she give me that brain like a zombie
Look at the way that I’m movin', I’m spending these racks and I’m making em' back, uh 
We move in packs your bitch call me snack and I put that lil’ bitch on her back, uh 
Pull up talking hot you get shut down 
You know that OBIDA running yo’ town 
Fucking with the squad you a real clown, cause I cut the brakes out your car, Kevin Hart bitch, what now? 
I’m in her mouth like a dentist 
Experiment drugs like a chemist 
The city’s notorious menace 
Boy you are just an apprentice 
All up on her knees and I just met her 
Ain’t even say her name but she let me spread her 
She already know I'mma fuck her and forget her but for now turn around
I'mma give that bitch the fourth letter 
Whoa, fuck all my foes, I know they mad that I’m making this dough 
They never thought I would make it this far and I never thought I would see them so low 
I’m killing shit, bet it hurts to admit 
Bitch call me up, she’ll be here in a bit 
These fools did not ever fuck with the kid, now they hit me up like I fuck with your shit 
Bitch you is soft like a feather, uh 
Pussy can’t handle the pressure, uh 
I put together these letters and make some cheddar better than finance professors 
I am just simply so clever, uh 
I’ve had a gift since forever, uh 
You pray and pray for skills everyday but you already know that I got em’ like I'm Paul Bremer 
Look at the way that I'm movin', I'm loving the way she be shaking her body
I shoot to the left, I shoot to the right, but none of you niggas ah try me
You see me hoppin' up out of the whip, I don't even think you could line me
And that's on the set, I walk with a pipe, she give me that brain like a zombie
Look at the way that I'm movin', I'm loving the way she be shaking her body
I shoot to the left, I shoot to the right, but none of you niggas ah try me
You see me hoppin' up out of the whip, I don't even think you could line me
And that's on the set, I walk with a pipe, she give me that brain like a zombie:
Reflections
Think about the present and the past times
Reflect on your life and the bad times
Think about the crazy and the strange shit
Then dig within inside and try to change shit
Reflections
Reflect your mind
Reflect through time
:
My relation to these words spoken over beats leaps to and fro
All around, bound the energy in miles
Piles up towards the sky
High quantity of thoughts
Reflect the truth, sold another brother on the watch
On the clock of life, the mirror view
The clearest of reflection
Inspection of the lie that lies deep behind the stressin'
And it's pressing me like time
Rhymes is just illusions
A world in confusion
A dream of revolution
These reflections like mine in the puddle of life
Skip rocks, waves making ripple effects
Situations etched, lessons in stone tablets
For the reference to the habit
Forming addictions to the memories of past shit
I let go, it comes back
Boomerang behavior runs common in the obstacles
I wanna shake my coat tails
They follow on the missions of my failure
Bring me down, crush me
Reflections can be beautiful, but most the time they rush me
:
And in an instance you see the mirror image looking at you
Looks just like you, got you eyes, and you whole disguise
Reflections, he seen his image in the lake
Reflected on the grass roots which harbors all the snakes
Otherwise known as a snake pit
Remember the python on you ankle and all that fake shit?
Remember when the cake was lit, and the wind blew it out?
Before you could taste the cream, they sliced it up and threw it out
I recollect, I think back in retrospect
I reflect and connect my memories
Remember these good times and these hard times
But it's like that, and that's the way it is
And that's the way it was, but that ain't how it gotta be
Reflect your mind, it works every time
Cuz if I knew then what I knew now, I'd be doin' fine
Reflect your mind, it works every time
Cuz if you knew then what you know now, you'd be doin' fine
:
Reflect though time....
I peep when I meet people, evil or positive
We live in the middle, lost within the riddle
On God's reflection I stand, within an intersection of life lost
Double crossed by man, we stand ignorant
False prophet, gothic, prehistoric logic mixed our minds
Reflectin' signs of anger, reflection banger, reflection slanger
Reflection bombing hangars of 747's
Strangers wanna blow this shit to heaven
Reflection war, reflectin' poor, reflectin' Cold War
Reflectin' old multiple metal jacket tactics
You might see Murs reflectin' curse
Reflectin' hurts, you's a bitch in a male skirt
If you don't work to change your world, reflectin' hurls
In life with wisdom, beyond "blaow! blaow!"
Fake headwrapped female visions
We used to be in love with Duran Duran in '95
I got a condo in the white part of town
Change your name to Shanunu Brown, used to be Mary Tibbles
Reflect your mind before you get lost in the riddle
Reflect though time, this is time, reflect though time
:
We wear our reflectors when we move though your sector
Rollin' with the protector
So, we're visiable; indivisible
Face war...Mystik Journeymen
Project Blowed
Living Legends
Massmen
Fellowship
West coast
Grouch...and we out:
2:40 in the afternoon...
In a blink you're here, the next second might decease
True destiny keeps my heart grounded, deceit encompasses masses
Unaware of the clashes with those who oversee
See my team so complete, known as Legendary
We rely on the cunning, common intelligence
Making sense of the running, chaos never ending
Stories, not pretending to feel it
You reveal it, meaning we see though you
Of course you beg to differ, but I am not the maker
The judge, the holy one, immortal music maker
AKA non faker of moves, PSC
Relayer of hard consciousness and the free
Unified through bass tones, microphones and tapes
Journeymen elevate life to the escape...escape...
Chorus:
My dear ones, tell me
Only time will tell, oooh time
Tell me...
:
Every day's a different day, it's funny how time fades away
We play in underground caves making beats everyday
]From my soul, Oakland, California, land of sun
Come through, control your destiny
What's to be of tomorrow if you never fight?
Recite to teach the young so they don't get sprung on the dumb
Teach each though speech on rhyme
Even though I'm a college drop out
Dropped out the sky from the moon
Hopin' to find who I am in this world
We're lost little boys and girls that're trapped perhaps
We shall all return to the black planet someday
And stop killing all our leaders
They're feeders of hate
I read a man from the ice in his eye
When you gotta walk away, never turn back and wonder why?
Cuz the light sets you free like Hong Kong wanting their shit back
Independence is the key if you ever wanna be able to live your life your way
Not their way, always keep what's inside
What's inside of you...
CHORUS
:
Believing in the inner force supports systems activated
The last dreams anticipated, find themselves, realize
Applications, true guys, sex, lies and groupies
Do these things matter or is life that shallow?
Internal battles...fight...fight...fight...fight....
CHORUS
:
Living Legends of our time
These rhymes help you find magic in your soul
Beyond flow where do most emcee's go?
Do they know the power of a strong mind built through humble values?
I tell you, something's gotta change
Cuz pain inflicts anger
I was never a stranger to danger
Growing up in the mind doesn't happen for all
Time will tell on who shall fall
Time will tell if we learn to fight
Time will tell if we all shall unite
Time will tell if we all see a black president
By then I'll be a resident on the white house lawn, with my painting shoes on
These songs shall live beyond time, in line with the future
Use your soul and spirit to capture within lyrics....
CHORUS
:
Time never stops
Living Legends of our time
I think I drink too much, smoke too muchYou ever think that we live on a planet?
Fly.. with.. me..
Mid-night breeze.. over trees..
Breathe..
Emancipation of your mind
Liquidation, incrimination of a, false nation
Two thousand millennium occupation black poet on the run
Track translation information dictation wasting masons
Lacing the world with, pseudo-supremacy
Alien residency, blue collar presentry
Who chained, inhumane, two thousand chinks came since 1840 mane!
Objective being selective on Earth's precious metals
Stealing newborns out the ghetto, who knew?
People thought it was voodoo, ? ? ?
The bright shiny ass catapults to Earth, hitting the gas tractor
With a blast exploding Earthward fear
Knowing we're not the only ones out.. there
In 1998 we see clear reception on your TV, cable
To see any place any time cable lines and phone lines
In a hundred years time we invented the impossible
Orson Welles gospel hostile times lay near
The album 2004 video camera digital, that sucks.. humans in
Experiment on - Do you know the the fundamentals of a phone
How many motherfuckin miles away, still bug your ass at home?
While you listen to your favorite CD, do we SEE
The magic, or does it brainwash us
Feeble, surprised when the alien weevil, soaks our head
With A-1 sauce, when you asleep needle, in your neck
Trying to figure out what the heck you gonna do now?
Right now.. 
Do you see, what's goin on?
Right now..
To say they harass me is just to say the least
Police of owed-money disturb me in my sleep
Very un-clever ways to get paid by Lucky
Government detectives and agencies they hunt me
So funny how I never thought credit would just stump me
Scratch that bank account
No chance of me stackin, I'm livin out my pockets
Spending on a trophy
,
thinkin how they laughin
Saying, "Damn he owe us money,"
talk BULLshit
Walkin these thoughts through Central Park
Trying to get these records off, mashin through the dark
Ages of the populous, popular we ain't
Officers sent up with fresh paint, or new shit
Just tracks getting ripped
And reputations built like spots, when, you turn around
And the shit's a fucking highrise, building longevity
Sky's the only limit,
Destiny is Success
like a tape
Toss the cannabis, duck! The univited come
With scorching heat seeking out, leaking out to the rap books
Of those who peep it out, and buy it
Right now..
Do you see do you see, what's goin on?
Right now..
Do you see do you see, what's goin on?
Right now..
Do you see see, what's goin on?
Right now..
Currently I create in the state of open-mindedness
Hopin you findin this to be the finest, timeless
Piece of clockwork to emerge on the verge of nabbing
Your attention grabbing due respect, it's true so check
Out the background we put it down to fat sound acknowledge
Greatness in solid, shapeless form, expression performed
Discretion, for more to be advised
We utilize controversy, forever at the mercy of none
First we be done, now you see the motion set forth
By devotion to the sport that I'm coaching
When the whistle blows intial flows stun you
Really just a young crew havin fun too, we ready to run through
This industry offending me on the daily
Knowing that my talent comes as often as a comet named ...
Baby feel the blanking, cause everyone's an emcee RIGHT NOW
Despite style.. cracking a tight smile
Greasing palms, each embalmed with bullshit
Who'll get never past the present, disappear when I rule this
Can you see it?:
I'm independent, independent as fuck
I can walk up to an A&R and say "Yo, what's up?"
Grab a pen, Mystik Journeymen, we wanna sign you
Four hundred thousand, what you wanna do?
I kick that fool in the head with my shoe
How do you suppose I'll sell my life away to you hoes?
N-O, unless you're talkin' about a couple million
Build our own company house, and profits in our building
Uh, I'd house towers, we got the power
You only got distribution of our records
Business execs still rippin' my checks
Everywhere we go on private stations
In the O we throw hella underground shows
Fools that came up know were the undergrounds
Further up, industry blows
But you'll never take us down
The undergound shall pound commercial bitches
Shall vacate the slots, we're pullin' switches
What is this culture comin' to?
I remember when it was cool to pound the table at school for fun
Now it's rhymin' with guns
Too bad none of ya'll rappers really gonna pull out none
Unless you wants to see 20 to 10
Givin' your ass up in
Four tattooed bald men transformed your soul to gelatin
Break that fear
:
The anger in me agitates freedom
For all them people, listen, I mean it
Forget about that platform I'm standing on Zenith
Destination Apex plateau, higher level
Whatever you wanna call it
Just get yourself there, get it moving, get prepared
Be aware of the ones that wanna hold you back
Enjoy life, the great mysteries
All the facts collected in your times soar the earth like an almanac
Living Legends make attractions of these memories and give them back to you
Now you'll never be forgeting these
]From the heart, eye to eye contact with ya'll
Who caught contact from this bum asshole act or front
Doin' what we want patiently
Living forgoes beyond the bump
Cuz hip-hop, I love it to the truest
But too many wack muthafuckas wanna do it
Chorus:
Break that fear that holds you down
Never can you stop the truth from being found
If you scared of life, then fall from the sky
Or prepare to fight to keep your spirit alive
:
So what's a bro to do?
The future's sounding bleak
Independent comin' weak
Fill the stew to the brim
Spillin' over rims, lookin' wack
Muthafuckas better off with record contracts
Get trapped...c'mon now
:
They said we'd be dead without a deal
But we saddled up our dreams and rocked the world still unsigned
How many fools even been out the country?
Imagine beyond your punk ass image on a song
Or these days are gone
CHORUSI'm a earth soldier.. we're here
We're here!
I'm here to umm announce that we're
Taking names.. putting names on a list..
Thinking about.. what you dream about..
And also what.. you do with those dreams..
"So much soul" --] sample of Common Sense repeats
My life being held within the grasp of fate
Fingertips my ass, shackled to the hips in systematic racism
Facing caustic reefs spread across the concrete
I beat obstacles
Manufactured harass my soul and destiny
We three testaments to hope
Copy referred upon as statistics
List it, test it, shit's burned
Analyzed by report cards, hard to live a life
When you're forced to..
UAHH, within the, PIPES of the system
Where as a vision with classism
Which means the poor, die, while the rich live high
Taxing your ass I feel like SMACKING that ass
Live on CNN, simulacastin on BBC-1
Punk-ass, politicians gettin cracked with tomahawks
Stocked, with my ancient feathers
Plunge you a leather rope, with each HIT
We symbolize hope
"So much soul" --] sample of Common Sense repeats
Give us our freedom back! Better not.. fall!
"So much soul" --] sample of Common Sense repeats
Ante up on them mic skills, I'm waiting so patiently
For someone to impress besides the ones who reside
Up in my home zone radius, maybe I'm biased but
I think we the highest shit, you could ever purchase
Not to put a price upon the surface cause it won't help
Compare us to a Hummer/space shuttle combination
Age twenty-four earth years, musical relation
Reach plateaus of Fugee, without a concert free
Now that's me, destinies trailed without a roadmap
Of hardships and mic grips, jealousy, you name it
Get bigger without lettin my ego volcano interrupt
My personality into realms of asshole, you know me
Or just want to, it's all cool
As long as you come and put my baby through school
I mean really now, all and together now
Crews 'sposed to put they minds together and make albums sounds HYPE
Living Legends upLIFT the mic, and when the album drop
You know the shit will sound right.. right..
Cause it's so much soul.. cause it's so much soul..
"So much soul" --] sample of Common Sense repeatsÇa raconte des histoires, j'écris ma vie c'est une histoire
Même si l'monde part en couilles, on va pas enterrer nos espoirs
On vient d'ailleurs, on a grandi dans des cités
On est partis dans la vie, on est revenus attristés
La liberté marche à pied, pas en caisse
Une pensée à ceux qu'la prison a arraché les ailes de la jeunesse
C'est dur mais on encaisse, tu peux t'renseigner
Faudrait deux cœurs, un pour aimer, un pour saigner
Dehors c'est la haine, le cœur demande qu'à lover
La réalité t'rattrape, faut des lovés
On a fait l'con, on a fait des bêtises
À tenir les murs du quartier sans vocation précise
Le temps n'attend pas, tic tac tic tac
Sans diplôme pour t'en sortir tu fais des micmacs
Regarde d'où on vient, regarde où on est
Mon pote a raison, le véritable rêve c'est d'être encore capable de rêver
Regarde d'où on vient, regarde où on est
Mon pote a raison, le véritable rêve c'est d'être encore capable de rêver
J'le dis gentiment, ne laisse pas ton cœur vide de tout sentiment
On s'est endurcis en-bas des bâtiments
N'écoute pas les rappeurs, la plupart mentent
À mes principes, jamais je n'déroge
Fais gaffe à c'que tu dis quand l'flic t'interroge
Tes rêves peuvent finir vite déférés
Concrétise tout c'que t'as toujours espéré
Regarde le monde actuel, tous à quatre pattes
J'écoute que du rap qui donne la patate
Laisser un poto à terre c'est naze comme la violence dans les stades
Rebelle musique, j'ai brûlé Amistad
Je sais c'que ça vaut la parole d'un homme
Chaque rap, chaque écrit me ressemble en temps qu'homme
Vrai jusqu'au bout quoi qu'il advienne
Et n'oublie pas, mon ombre a la même couleur que la tienne
Regarde d'où on vient, regarde où on est
Mon pote a raison, le véritable rêve c'est d'être encore capable de rêver
Regarde d'où on vient, regarde où on est
Mon pote a raison, le véritable rêve c'est d'être encore capable de rêverGirl I got you 
Got you on my Mystik Mind
Girl I got you 
Girl I got you 
Girl I got you on my mind
I just want you to be mine
I ain't tryna waste ya time
I just wanna see you shine
We been tryna makes some moves
Been tryna share the groove
If you tryna come through baby I could show you
What i'm really tryna do
I'm tryna take you overseas
I'm tryna make some memories
Nobody else ahead of me
And the rest of them just dead to me
You don't know what you meant to me
Now lets just change the scenery
Cause I need me some greenery 
I just changed the scenery
And I think I found the one
You as sweet as cinnabon
Come over and get you some
I just wanna eat you up
Ever since we met it's true
I don't know what to do
Cause i'm really feelin you
So why you gotta diss me?
I know that you miss me
Come and just kiss me
Don't diss me
You miss me
So kiss me, 
I been tryna fuck with you ever since day one
Everytime I look at you, you be shining like the sun
But the nights still young baby tell me what you want
Cause I been tryna get it
Just let me know if you with it
Pop whatever with whoever because nothing lasts forever
However i'm tryna tell ya that my hearts so cold
Whole squad cold I be chillin like this
Feeling like the bad guy villain in this
Cause I don't usually do, relationships
Guess i'm the only real one left in this shit
But with you i'll take the dip
Come on baby take a trip
Feel the vibe don't wait for it
You could be my greatest hit
We will make it work I know I know
We will make it last I know
Girl I got you on my mind
I just want you to be mine
I ain't tryna waste ya time
I just wanna see you shineYeah, shout out to APG 3LA. I'm bout to get it poppin' in here my nigga
Got my blunt rolled.  Its my turn nigga. Finna turn up in here
Let's get it
I'm raw call me sushi trick
You ain't gotta ask you know I'm sick
Pardon me excuse my manners B
Niggas ain't finna touch my flow though
Got more power than a horse no Polo
And I only got one shot nigga YOLO
Let me paint a perfect picture
Ima beat you up ima stroke you down  I bet, you don't wanna cross that line
3LA O.G's nigga that's my clique
Ain't nobody better than us you dig
Since '06 been killing this shit
Finna murk this beat like a yellow bone chick
APG, Yung Felluh we the realest in this game
I keep sneezing all the time cause I'm allergic to these lames
I want money, talking bands I know you see me put it work
And I'm gunning for the top like a rocket going into space
Raw like sushi
Bang Bang!
Call it True Religion when I let my chain hang
Raw Like Sushi they like the way I do this
Its 3LAKLAN ho we the best there's no confusion haaaa 
Bang Bang!
Call it True Religion when I let my chain hang
Raw Like Sushi they like the way I do this
Its 3LAKLAN ho we the best there's no confusion haaaa 
If life is a bitch then I am the pimp
I'm rocking these shows like every week
Cause P2daoh got a nigga hooked up
With the best in the biz, I got a buzz like bees
I'm a real nigga no faker here, no beef in here we hater free
Collecting this paper like invigilaters
Time is money ima see you later. Bang!
I got your lady in a trance
And she like the way I beat it so she call me Mike Jack
Pledge allegiance to the swag plus the way I'm getting ass
You would swear I'm bout to crash cause I'm living life fast, haaa
I ain't never asking for no hand out in this game
So the only thing that I beg for is a pradon, what you say?
Nigga, don't ever get it twisted like you finna break a neck
See I'm always chasing money player, I ain't never chasing ass, whoah
Got my blunt rolled I'm high nigga
In this game I'm elevating cause I'm fly nigga
You feel the pressure when I'm spazzing out your ass
Cause I'm gunning for the top like a rocket going into space
Raw like sushi
Aaah, let the beat chill haha yeah uh I'm sick widdit
Aaah, let the beat chill, let me take a lil breather when the beat chill
Aaah, let the beat chill haha yeah I'm sick widdit
Aaah, let the beat chill, going back to the chorus yeah son let's go let's get itYeah, Yeah, Mystik, Yeah
Yeah, Mystik, Yeah
We Lookin Towards that better weather now!
Feet on the ground but my heads up in the clouds!
We chasing them dreams, chasing them dreams, Yeah!
We making a scene, Making a scene, Yeah!
And I be smoking on that medicine to see all that I haven't seen
Travel in my time machine while blowing clouds of tangerine
Going to these different places
Seeing all of these pretty faces
I been winnin all my races
You know that I couldn't fake it
Yeah!
I'm goin, i'm goin, i'm goin, i'm goin, i'm goin
The money be stackin, the rain it be pourin, we growin
Now the suns out its showin
The breeze it be blowin
Living good no matter what man even if it bout to snow in
Always shining bright up with the light man yes you know it
Always got that energy
That heightened sense of sensory
Yeah!
Always got that energy
That heightened sense of sensory
Yeah!
We Lookin Towards that better weather now!
Feet on the ground but my heads up in the clouds!
We chasing them dreams, chasing them dreams, Yeah!
We making a scene, Making a scene, Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah its the truth
We got better weather watch us drop the coupe, with the troop
Tell me whats the scoop, Tryna make these moves, In a Groove
No more grey clouds, They all move now
Better Weather that's the run down
Yeah we having fun now!
Do it from sunlight to sundown!
It's only right we hold it down
Yeah the suns out now
Better Weather, Yeah the suns out now
Better Weather!
Yeah!
Better Weather!
Yeah!
We Lookin Towards that better weather now!
Feet on the ground but my heads up in the clouds!
We chasing them dreams, chasing them dreams, Yeah!
We making a scene, Making a scene, Yeah!:
It's a brand new day 
 :
Keep Your Head Up
Like that dude that used to dance with Shock G
Brenda Had A Baby and blamed it on me
I adopted a child
Opted for the high road, creatin' a smile
Time to switch up the style
And stop lyin' like I did just a couple bars before this
Life is priceless
I insist it's a gift, it's a bitch
Supportin' to pitch my two cents
On my new ish, there's a brand new day
11:59 and the seconds gon' wait
Gotta use 'em
Gotta work while they snoozin' and snorin'
Ignorin' the talent that based in California
Success is right around the corner
So it's time to get up off the block
Can't be
Pointin' hella fingers
And blamin' everybody for what you ain't got
That's impossible
And optional
I find it really hard to responsible
But I'm learnin'
It's a brand new day the world's turnin'
It's a brand new day your boy's learnin'
:
It's a brand new day 
 :
I said, "Fuck all the bullshit, bump that hit."
Talk about good or just don't say shit
It's a brand new day, sun rays on your face
Blaze up the J, wish haters away
Do a little dance for the people that didn't make it
Damn that was almost, you guys seemed to save me
People never know how their life turned out
You sleep walkin' baby, knock them pillows down
Okay you wannabe, what do you wanna be? Real
Or do you wanna be you? I don't know still
I'm feelin' so good I'm not trippin' off you
I'm feelin' so good I'm not trippin' off you
Aye
Feel the pain and feel the magic
I'm always fresh, guess it's always had it
When I'm rippin' on the M.I.C
Enemy the wack MC, trickle down the gutter please
We buildin' a community
Unity, fluently, fluid sea, ocean breeze
Matrimony I believe, come with me, don't you fuckin' see?
It's a brand new day
:
It's a brand new day 
 :
Born again, die again
Born again, I am him
I'm not religious
If you feel it, go try again
Can't deny it when you get the urge
Spurge, got riches
When you remove the spots off dishes
It's a new day, you say wishes
We say
Instant replay
Give me that feelin' again, the O.G. way
And that's natural highs
Unnatural lows, that you will know
Get a knack and go keep smashin'
Be yourself, peep the fashions
But don't let them take you away
Cause they won't make you stay
If you're a dumb fuck make mistakes
Stand your ass up and shake the snakes off
Dust 'em
Put 'em on a track and he bust 'em
None of that's prefabricated, it's custom
You learn that one of those days
Don't turn back, there's no wayWe're blinded by the sound
It's like no one else is around
Look at all the things we've found
Now that were up off the ground
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could fly
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could fly
We're blinded by the sound
It's like no one else is around
Look at all the things we've found
Now that were are off the ground
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could fly
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could fly
If only we could fly
Bloods been burning hot as fire yeah
You gone see me melting time
Glowing in the night
Know im looking fly yeah
I'm just trying to inspire yeah
I'm just tryna get us higher yeah
Said i'm just trying to inspire yeah
I'm just tryna get us higher yeah
If only we could
I know what we would
Learn how to fly yeah
I know that we should
Turn back the clock yeah
I know that you would
To stop us from falling
If only you could
If only you could
Yeah If only you could
Yeah if only you could
But it feels like were falling
Feels like were falling
Feels like were falling
It feels like were falling
It feels like were all in
It feels like were falling
You won't stop us from ballin
Enough with the stalling
You know that we're all in
We're blinded by the sound
It's like no one else is around
Look at all those things we've found
Now that we're up off the ground
Were blinded by the sound
It's like no one else is around
Look at all the things we've found
Now that were up off the ground
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could fly
Feels like we're falling from the sky
If only we could flyN/AYo... Nesian Mystik
Ah come on uh wat uh
*Chorus*
Nesian Style is here, ladies beware
Now tell me if you are down 
When all the styles get down
Polynesians all around
Now this is how we move you crowds
*Verse 1*
The territorial betrayal as two worlds combines
The combination of MC's mentally intertwine
Interlectually capable in this industry
The collaboration of Taurius and Dees - Nesian MC's
Being conspicious with limited intelligence
Calling us delirious when we get serious
Bringing you the next chapter in this hiphop legacy
The democracy of these youngsters technique of MOOLI
Well as the saga continues we stand our ground as pioneers
Space cadets on a mission to a nesian frontier
Not knowing our next destination
We be taking a lyrical leap into the next millenium
Free styling on the low down, batting rhyming like a show down
Riding the flow like a how down, till the show commences to a close
Down...
So hold up now, let me see ya bounce with me, are you down with me
What, what, yo
*Chorus*
*Verse 2*
Instantaneously we rocking mics to new heights
Represent this nesian style every day and every night
Culturally strong at birth, but weak upon our native tongue
The product of our ancestors seeds from which we sprung
The saga we maintain combine us wise with memories
A noble lesson learnt from the Fa'atasi Family
Elevate the positive this nesian image must arise
Aotearoa hiphop plian clothed not in disguise
With no demise we be on the rise, with our dreaming eyes
Poly individuals carry connections to ignite
Reign for real upon these mics on a quest vocalists uplifting what we
Do in the rhyme
Cause we  we do this for the love of it 
Keeping these roots rhymes intelligent
To all the ladies who be shaking their hips
And all the fellas come on and bounce to this
*Bridge*
So if you wanna party we got to do it right
Hiphop MOOLI Style
If you wanna party we got to do it right
Hiphop NESIAN STYLE
All y'all bounce while we kick it
Nesian Style with Natural Mystik
Boogie down victims, come you wanna test this
Brown sugar guys, girls you getting restless
2x
M double O L I tell me if you are down 2x
With our nesians styles together we can shine as oneWoah oh
Woah oh oh
You're my star girl baby and I wanna show you off
You make me feel some ways that i've never known of
I wanna make you shine, you a diamond in the rough
Just know that this ain't a bluff
No one else would be enough, yeah
You're my star girl, No one else would be enough girl
I just wanna make your heart whirl
I just wanna see your body twirl
I wanna give you the whole world
I wanna give you the whole world, yeah, yeah
And you know, you know, you know, you know
That we glow, we glow, we glow
And it ain't just for show, No no, No no
But we in this fosho, Oh oh, Oh oh oh
You're my star girl baby and I wanna show you off
You make me feel some ways that i've never known of
I wanna make you shine, you a diamond in the rough
Just know that this ain't a bluff
No one else would be enough, yeah
No one else would be enough yeah
No one else would be enough yeah
No, No, no
No, No, no, oh oh
Woah, Woah oh oh
Woah, Woah oh oh
YeahI'm feeling hella good, Yeah i'm feeling happy
I've been on my grind, yeah I gotta get that green
If you tryna waste my time, you ain't fucking with me
I ain't tryna waste no time, you ain't fucking with me
I hop on the scene, feeling obscene
Look at these things, look at these rings
I am the king, look what it brings
I am the one, I am top gun
Aim for the sun, Aim for the sun
Yeah
Cause i'm Next up, Next up, Next up, Next up
I am the best up, Eating the rest up
Cleaning this mess up, You never catch up
Nah
I got the sauce
I am the boss
Get it across
You looking lost
But, I...
I'm dropping the heat in the winter
Smoking that woods like a splinter
I feel l ike a winner man never no sinner
My pockets get fat, while yours getting thinner
I'm right on your ass, my life's moving fast
I smoke on that gas
Puff it and pass yeah
Puff it and pass yeah, yeah
My foots on the Pedal, Pedal to metal
Never gone settle for less
Gotta get this off my chest
You know that I am the best, Who woulda guessed?
Cause I was depressed, aye
But I must confess, aye
This is no contest, aye
I know you're obsessed, ayeLike this
Yeah. 
How the hell I end up like this?
To these feelings I become submissive
Putting holes in my brain like swiss
How the hell I end up like this? 
How the hell'd it get like this?
Depression told me roll a spliff
The pressure told me keep working hard cause it'll take you far
Maybe not fancy cars but a fighting chance let's go get them bands
Help the fam and friends so we could be the ones we came from the sun
So let's shine bright
In the limelight
Get our minds right
Get our minds right
Yeah
How the hell I end up like this?
To these feelings I become submissive
Putting holes in my brain like swiss
How the hell I end up like this? 
Like this
Like This
Yeah
Like this
YeahRags to riches, star to addict, ya'll know how the story goes
Around every corner and playground, there's someone that who could have had it all
But for one reason or another, their path went somewhere other than a world calling their name From A grade student to class A losers, what's happening with our kids today?
Poisoned by our own, can't sleep anymore, sister's work on corners, brothers keep on brawling'
So just tell me how the story ends
The question is where did it all begin?
Robin hood heroes
Just a page in a fairytale, lifestyle of the ghetto They robin' hood heroes
Goes on and on, goes on and on, goes on and on
They deal to the rich, give to the poor, only metres from my door
Turning street legends to urban myth, from Rucker park all the way to Grey Lynn
From what could of to never been, be the words in the song you sing
Not with trumpets, instead with violins, while you dance by yourself, 
You can't see you need help, 
So it's back to the bro you go
It hurts, cause you could have had it all
Oh ooohhhhhhhhh
You could have had it all
Robin hood heroes
Just a page in a fairytale, lifestyle of the ghetto They robin' hood heroes
Goes on and on, goes on and on, goes on and on
It goes on and on, it goes on and onMeldek Music
Street Skillz
Mystik, Soprano
En direct de Massilia
Funky Studio
Beh ouais, XXX
Du Sud au Nord, faut qu'on soit organisés
Notre musique fait toujours baliser, Sarko revient verbaliser
Les jeunes du ghetto font du grabuge, ils veulent forcer les barrages
Avec comme seul bagage, la rage
On investit l'pavé comme les lycéens
C'est la même merde pour les Parisiens et Phocéens
Regroupés, parqués dans des zones dites de non-droit
Nique leurs lois, on avance avec le milieu doigt
Mystik, Sopra, pour notre Cosa Nostra
Pour tuer au micro, pas besoin d'contrat
Les enfoirés d'en face veulent nous séparer
Leur technique, diviser pour mieux régner
Mais nous on sait qu'on est pareils et parés
À chaque attaque c'est carré
Dédicace à ceux qui squattent Notre-Dame de la Garde ou la place Henri IV
Marseille Paname, Meldek Music, Street Skillz
Dans ta face, un kick à la XXX
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
Hey yo MC réagis au lieu de rougir
Mon rap c'est d'la technologie, le tien d'l'archéologie
La magie sort de ma bouche, pas d'un chapeau
J'ai sous l'capot l'écurie d'un R1 et toi t'as XXX et l'drapeau
Bleu blanc rouge qui m'pousse à la pyromanie
À cause d'sa mythomanie
À cause du manque de viande sous mes canines
J'suis d'ces jeunes qui rêvent d'Adriana
Sur mon anatomie
, mon rap atomique a omis d'dire qu'il n'a
Rien à foutre d'être premier
Et j'rappe pour les caves et les greniers
Où les tapis sont mis pour prier, pour Allah
Où les tapins sont mis pour mouiller, starfoullah
Au mic j'en viens aux mains, ma vie j'la digère mal
Donc au mic j'la vomis, j'ai pas d'face de comique
La belle vie j'la vois les paupières fermées
Car ma vie est en flammes au milieu de casernes de pompiers fermées
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
[Couplet 3: Mystik/
Soprano
]
Hey Mystik, et moi j'emmerde leur vie sophistiquée
Et ça depuis qu'ma mère est domestiquée
Moinama, nos idées il est temps de les appliquer
On a trop la grande bouche, on fait rien pour simplifier
On vient des favelas d'France, pas de Lituanie
Là où les bâtiments tombent comme les tribunes de Furiani
Si t'es pas d'ac avec nous, ferme-te-la
On fait pas la hass nous, demande à So' du Plan d'Aou
On vous met K.O. jusqu'au 7-7-100
Chez moi les jeunes sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
Normal, c'est la course aux biftons, leur système délimite nos pas
Voilà pourquoi on rit pas, despee comme à Ris-Pa
On combat le Sheitan avec le mental
Pendant qu'mon talent nous pousse à sortir le métal
Chacun son libre-arbitre, la vie c'est pas un film mon pote
À la finale, XXX c'est l'seul arbitre
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
Eh ouais, ça vient d'Meaux
Plan d'Aou
Mystik Soprano
XXX
Toute la famille de Street Skillz, yeah
Tous mes soldats d'Meldek Music
Beh ouais, beh ouais
Anno, Alilou, XXX, Roland, Tony
Champollion sur la Canebière
Ça fait tarpin plaisir
DJ au labo
Pa, pa, paNo they never gonna see us down, no no
Never gonna see us down
No they never gonna see us down, no no no
You won't ever see me down
Getting higher then them clouds
Getting lost up in my sound
It gone make your head go round
Getting higher then them clouds
Getting lost up in my sound
It'll make your head go round
It'll make your head go round
Getting lost up in my sound
Getting higher then them clouds x2
You won't ever see me down, no no
You gone never
You won't ever
You won't ever
Getting higher
Getting lost
You gone never see me down
Getting higher then them clouds
Getting lost up in my sound
It gone make your head go round
You gone never see me drown
You gone never see me down
Getting high up in them clouds
Getting lost up in my sound
It will make your head go round x2
You will never see me down x2
You won't ever see me down x4Uh
Feeling so elevated
I wish I was motivated
Is it impossible
To find out about the possible
I'm just a broke boy
Look at me, that ain't no joke, boy
I always hate that mumble rap
It ain't never a humble snap
Rapping about drugs
And trying to act like thugs
There ain't never a time where they ever being real
All they do is make a window seal
To hide all of their feelings
And go with drug dealings
Who would care about our sadness
All they do is bring madness
So they get all of the money
That ain't funny
Police looking for the crimes
Committed by all the rhymes
Legends fall
And rejects ball
Drop the burner
And start trying to be a learner
Nobody deals with all the hate
Or find good things to rate
Look at that twist
As it insist
The beat I modded is about to end
Now I'm gonna spend a time with a friendYou infect me like a virus
Girl you got the nicest touch
So enticing
Never Could it be too much
Yeah its priceless
When you got the Midas Touch
So your highness, Let's just keep on Rising
Lets just keep on rising
Got me hypnotized, But i'm feeling alright
I just want you for the night
But our love is out of sight
Sip on you just like some wine
Take you out the cloud 9
It's the stars you out shine
And I can't stop feeling you
Because I love the way you do
No I can't stop feeling you
Because I love the way you do
You infect me like a virus
Girl you got the nicest touch
So enticing
Never Could it be too much
Yeah it's priceless
When you got the Midas Touch
So your highness, Let's just keep on RisingI'm just cruising in my zone
I'm just rolling up that strong
My girlfriend call me on the phone
She say she want me to come home
I'm just cruising in my zone and they all feeling me
Feeling like I gotta get away it's killing me
No more running round in circles thats why I just be
Living pleasantly
Enjoy the finer things
Yeah i'm in the studio
But no movie though
Even though it's all so cinematic
Everything coming automatic
Treating this music like a habbit
But now i'm an addict
And my girl ain't having it
She don't want a man that's passionate
She don't want a man that's after it
She don't wanna man this empty ship no
But i'm chilling over in the VIP
Yeah thats V.I.P
You know me
B.I.G How I do things
Watch me chase and catch my dreams
Watch me chase and catch my dreams
Watch me chase and catch my dreams
Watch me chase and catch my dreams
I'm just cruising in my zone
I'm just rolling up that strong
My girlfriend call me on the phone
She say she want me to come home
But I gotta get paid now
Fulfilling my own fate now
So high I cannot touch the ground
Yeah i'm breaking boundaries
You know that we're the nominees
Yeah were next up
Yeah were next up
I'm just cruising in my zone
I'm just rolling up that strong
My girlfriend call me on the phone
She say she want me to come home
I'm just cruising in my zone
I'm just rolling up that strong
My girlfriend call me on the phone
She say she want me to come home
She want me, want me to come home
Want me, want me to come home, ooh oh oh oh
Ooh oh oh oh oh
Ooh oh oh oh oh
Ooh oh oh oh oh
Ooh oh oh oh oh:
If you like what we do then give thanks
That the thought banks deposits are plenty
And many to offer the author of this one, gives one to ponder upon
Our arrival, the smiles, they come forth
Of course you might know this, woes my status
Barred from the major stations, but fuck 'em
Hip-hop's my language
Maybe we stuck 'em with doses of the trueness too strong to stomach
I love it! You can't shut this shit down
Revenge, read the label, we rule in this town
Shit, burn in the fire which you create
Just like Co-Flow, you can't break the 'Sole' of these Mystiks
Put it down every time
Living Legends gotta rise from the grime
Put it down with Shui and K-one
We havin' so much fun out here we can't even hold a beer
Gimme a beer man....
:
I hate eatin' nasty shit when I'm broke 
I just sorta smoke til I got a headache
I used to make a tuna fish plate on a bed of Dorito's
And my toes would be on funk mode
I'd be on the commode letting out the constipation of my life go
I guess that's when I decided to be self reliant
Emsoyas or dictators might call it defiant
Cuz I wasn't talkin' about workin' for nobody no more
I used to go into the store ashy, and put on some lotion
And then be postin' on isle 3, and go and put on some 'D'
In the underground I make my living
Giving all that I got cuz you got only one shot to do this
You can't be pissed, sitting high on your couch
Like almost everyone I know out
Couch revolutionists, with no ammo to go into battle
Living Legends grabbed the saddle and rode these dreams to breeze
With the kings of destiny
But that be on some high tangent shit
I just get mad when the jealousy hits the realms of my friends
That's why I stay down to earth
In with my school, better yet, my shovel doin' work
Maybe one day everybody will understand what they must do
Until then, stay with your mind
I'm only gonna let you know cuz I dropped out of school
To do six world tours, trying to make it to the core and side B
Revenge, our own black owned company
International sales over foreign seas
Is where me and Tommy be in '97
See how they tried to tape us down
But they never keep out ass down now
Now, ah, keep your roots to the ground
Now, ah, don't be a fuckin' hound
That's the way we gonna go now....
:
-Japanese language verse-
:
-Japanese language verse-Sorti du noir cousin, le silence d'un coin sans écho
J'ai brûlé mon adolescence entre Beauval et Pierre-Co
Comme un foetus végétant dans le sein d'une mère
J'ai vécu asservi, victime de chimères
Dans le monde de dehors, j'ai dû supporter douleurs et peines enchantées
Deux fois j'ai raté le bac à force de chanter
Mes connaissances Re-nois, Re-beus, Polonais
Même je dérange, "matramemch, on s'arrange" tu me connais
On m'a poussé à être sans vergogne, mes frères, eux, râlent et grognent
Entre eux se volent pour du shit, ils se cognent
Moi c'est dans le rap que je m'exprime en restant clean
Mes larmes sont les poèmes de ceux qui sont victimes
Refrain:
La vie est vache, que je sache, pour un lascar sans cash
Car il faut arracher le cash par le biz qui crache
La vie est vache, que je sache, pour un lascar sans cash
Son étiquette, dans ses démarches, fait tâche
La vie est vache, que je sache, pour un lascar sans cash
Car il faut arracher le cash par le biz qui crache
La vie est vache, que je sache, pour un lascar sans cash
Dans la zone, évidemment, surtout collé aux bâtiments
La vie est vache, que je sache, pour un lascar sans cash
Car il faut arracher le cash par le biz qui crache
Régulièrement, la sécheresse sévit méchamment
Dans la zone évidemment, surtout collé aux bâtiments
Question oseille, tout paye si on a l'esprit en éveil
Le vice, la crasse, la carotte fonctionnent à merveille
En effet, la grisaille fait qu'on se spécialise dans la débrouille
Bredouille, à chaque fois, voir mes pistes qui se brouillent
Couilles ou pas, je garde surtout l'instinct du risque
Le goût de l'argent facile, le flair de l'oseille, un tic
Strict et méthodique, ça nécessite la tactique
Le jeu de le survie, dans la té-ci devient une pratique
Refrain
Tu sais là où l'on vit, décalage horaire, on a tous mille envies
Pas le temps d'essayer de plaire, que de bénéf', les secteur est prospère
La vie que je mène, zoom, chouchou de la zone depuis l'époque des booms
Pour du vaille-tra, vas-y frappe à la porte la plus proche
Ma tête ne plaît pas, toujours des petits trous dans mes poches
J'aimerais ne plus être aux dépens de ma famille
Mais dans le brouillard de ma vie, aucune lumière ne brille
Débrouillard, tranquillement je roule ma bille
Mon rap moustique contamine la France entière
Déchire l'air, escalade les mers, traverse les frontières
Pour maman je me suis promis d'être un type bien
Inch'Allah, je m'en sortirai bien
RefrainTeam in formation 
We fuck around at any location 
Cause we nothing but the man above's beloved creations 
The inspiration
I’m giving I feel like a sensation 
Fuck that king New York shit, feel like the king of the nation 
They love hating on the kid cause they got nothing to do 
My money tell me that I’m great so I got nothing to prove 
They be talking all this shit when they get with they lil group 
But they won’t say it to my face not even when in a group 
Motherfucker I don’t got the time, I don't pocket watch 
But you gotta watch who you call ya mans 
Bitch on red wine, sipping on scotch 
Got a new watch cost a couple bands
I be dropping and then dripping making puddles leave you slippin'
Can’t believe this how I’m livin' and it’s only the beginning
I been counting the racks, I spit the facts
They all doubted me now they all coming back
The game full of caps, it’s skill that they lack
They wanna be me cause they style is wack
Margarita in her system now she tryna blow
Yeah it's OBIDA we on top bitch I’m a young CEO 
The marijuana meets the liquor and I’m moving all slow 
It’s a thousand for a feature, I never done a show 
These fuckers tight I’m getting green like I am Mark Ruffalo 
But when them lights are red and blue we know that it’s time to go 
I feel like John Wilkes, when I’m in the fucking booth I blow minds 
You must be on stilts, only way your levels higher than mine 
I am beyond thrilled, because my plan is going so fine 
I don’t respond well, to fakes who wanna now realign 
Bitch I am the greatest the world just ain’t seen me
Wait till they find me I'll get there, believe me
I hope my family see me on TV
Instead of a casket while they all come grieve me
I been enjoying the ride
Cause we all know that when it’s your time
You cannot take that all that bread to the sky
That’s why I spend till my pockets is dry
Bitch I am the greatest the world just ain’t seen me
Wait till they find me I'll get there, believe me
I hope my family see me on TV
Instead of a casket while they all come grieve me
I been enjoying the ride
Cause we all know that when it’s your time
You cannot take that all that bread to the sky
That’s why I spend till my pockets is dry 
VERAMACNever thought i was built 4 luv, nor did i know that i could smile
She made that dying light inside of me shine
Made me feel like all is possible
Look i'm even writing love songs, shit i never had a neck for whatever she gave me i want more
So i can't afford to let her go!
I can never let her go!
I can never let her go!
I can never let her go!
I will never let her go!
Love to wake up with her every morning, love her smile when she ain't got make up on her
I swear i thought i was gonna die a loner
Until she came along, i was in a place so cold she took my hand and kept me warm
Shawty got a heart as white as snow she a digger but she ain't digging for gold, she one of a kind baby girl you blow my mind, in that dress your booty so fine, shawty iyeaah
Always thought love was dumb so i chased alotta girls ended up in the wrong bed
I got caught up in my own mess she pulled me out and showed me the right way, now i'm on the right lane use to play 'em girls like grand theft, now all of that changed love turned a boy into a man
Never really thought i could change
Gotta thank shawty for the chance got another shot at love i just pray to God that i just don't waste it, guess a nigga got use to the fake shit
Some girls are just after the pay cheques
Yes i did find me love thats secred, that passionate love bullshit aside i won't tell any lies imma be by yourside till the day that i die
Never thought i was built 4 luv, nor did i know that i could smile
She made that dying light inside of me shine
Made me feel like all is possible
Look i'm even writing love songs, shit i never had neck for whatever she gave me i want more
So i can't afford to let her go!
I can never let her go!
I can never let her go!
I can never let her go!
I will never let her go!Like it's nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do this
While the rest of ya'll, looking clueless
It's just destiny, Yeah we didn't choose this
Like it's nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do this
Yeah like it's nothing know I make them hits i'm never buntin
Know i'm stuntin, getting every single thing I wanted
Don't need no double
Thats just trouble
Basic rumble
Can't be humble
We just stumbled in like it was nothing
Yeah the rest of ya'll really frontin
You didn't make the beat that you bumpin
You didn't make the beat that you bumpin
Like it's nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do this
While the rest of ya'll, looking clueless
It's just destiny, Yeah we didn't choose this
Like it's nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do this
Like it's nothing
My styles got you buggin
Been pushing your buttons
Just cause I been buzzin
You know I keep hustlin
Stay low keep on huntin
I'm running for something
You seeing me coming
Heavenly heavyweight
Killing it everyway
Do what the heavens say
I am the renegade
Bringing them better days
Teaching you better ways
Leading you out the maze
Realize life is just a phase
Were gonna get it anyway
Like it was nothing
Like it was nothing
Like it was nothing
Like it was nothing
Like it's nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do this
While the rest of ya'll, looking clueless
It's just destiny, Yeah we didn't choose this
Like its nothing, yeah yeah yeah we do thisBeen howling at the moon
Like i'm a coyote
Would you wanna get to know me?
Do you wanna get to know me? 
I don't know what to do
But looking at you, spectacular view
You hot as june, I might make a tune
Just for you
Yeah just for you
You got me howling at the moon
At the moon yeah
I just be feeling you
You just be feeling me
We just be feeling we
Feeling our energy
Feeling so obscene but I
You know i'ma take you far
You know i'ma raise the bar
I might take you to the stars
Been howling at the moon
Like im a coyote
Would you wanna get to know me?
Do you wanna get to know me? 
Do you wanna get to know me? I gotta find a reason
Been looking for peace
I gotta find a reason
Been looking for peace
In these harmonies
I've been on my knees
I'm begging you please
No I won't let you down
Been working my ways for a minute now
I hope you can see these clouds
You can find me at the top, and
I ain't never gonna stop, Man
Up on this cloud ain't looking down high as i've ever
However
I think it's more clever to change the weather
And whether or not give it all that I got
To stir the pot, this is my only shot
Give it all that I got
They gone wanna tell me to stop
They gone wanna see me flop
But I can't never see me drop, nah
I can't ever see me drop
You gone catch me in a drop top
Riding through your city non stop, yeah
Come sit up on my cloud
No I won't let you down
No I can't let you down
No I won't let you downBFAP:
What has rap become?
And before your eyes, time is running
In this world all I got, in the end all I got
In this world all I got, in the end all I got is, hit me
Body and mind 
Body and mind 
I didn't know it was you that day, when you stopped me on the streets
I was lost in my mind, that's why I couldn't even speak
You told me to give you a call, but I doubt I will
I ain't much for reminiscing, but I like you still
I'm trying to live, but what is now, and I was in my eye
Reality is lost within my mother's lie
So now it's even harder to trust people
So words are less, I won't let you in
Girlfriends be hating this too
They think they automatically get in by saying "I love you"
But do you really know me to love me
Instead you fucking try to mold me
And leave when shit is muddy waters
Feel my blues as I strums
I sit in crowds of people, and watch the bullshit run
And then the fear I feel inside me, so does he, and so does she
We all scared, but no one's coming true
So who's really in your crew I thought you fucking knew
Yeah, hit me now
Impossible eyes, impossible eyes
Body and mind 
Body and mind 
 In this world all I got 
In the end all I got is, 
Body and mind 
PSC:
I had to put a halt to my intake of weed
Reality checks was sneaking up on me when I was sleeping
I had to make a mental note of what I really need
Cause every step in life, faulty fools might be creeping
It's such a small scene in this bay, gotta play your cards right
Or escape from your problems, we hopped on a flight
But you running from your problems so they won't cease
They only run within your mind and got potential to increase
Magnified, by the fears of a youth
And the truth lies inside check your inner mind for proof
And you'll find most the answers in yourself was financial
Wisdom first, and you'll love your mental health
I was becoming hella hard to approach
But I seen both sides, and can admit that I hurt
Within this soul, my great release was imagination
Combined with faith, and belief of life I reach for patience
Not really knowing where, or when my shit would end
But when I go out, at least I know I have some friends, and family
Everyone, you know
Body and mind, body and mind, body and mind 
 In this world all I got 
In the end all I got, 
Body and mind 
So what did we really learn today, what we really learn
Hm, probably nothing, what a shame
What a shame
4001, impossible eyes
Follow me, follow me
Impossible eyes
Be true to your soul, you know what I'm saying?
In the world all I got, body and mind, 4001Make that money for a reason
Make that money for a reason
Make that money for a reason
We need that money for a reason
Been tryna get them bands
But im dancing with the devil
He's been picking at my mental
But this shit is sentimental
Been feeling transcendental
None of this shit is accidental
So big monumental
Feel experimental
I'm in my element
You know we heaven sent
I gotta represent
Losing your innocense
Losing significance
It's no coincidence
I'm in my element
You know we heaven sent
I gotta represent
Losing your innocense
Losing significance
It's no coincidence
Tryna make a mountain out a mole hill
Cause I got a goal still
Cause I gotta go fast to my dreams
And i'm mobile
More skilled
More real
Tryna be a big deal
And I know we will
Get that deal yeah
First we make the money
We make the mills
Then we change the world
Look how it heals
First we make the money
We make the mills
Then we change the world
Look how it feels
Then we change the world
Look how it feels
Look how it feels
Make that money for a reason
Make that money for a reason
Make that money for a reason
We need that money for a reasonLa rage devient force derrière les barreaux, en mode pause
La vie c'est pas des roses, je sais d'quoi j'te cause
On m'a dit ferme-la, t'as fait l'con faut payer
Le succès d'estime dans l'rap ça paie pas l'loyer
Ça sera l'feu quand j'vais rallumer mon microphone
Pour l'instant j'évite les rapports, le mitard et l'hygiaphone
Demande à Hocine et Asma
Si t'as pas encore plus la haine quand tu vois pleurer Yemma
Ça c'est la réalité, la vérité qu'j'te raconte
N'écoute pas ceux qui rentrent, qui sortent qui s'la racontent
Dehors, y en a qui joue les gosses beaux, les siste-gro
Alors qu'ils laissent en chien leurs potos, gros
Pas grave, on s'en bat les couilles
Pour faire kiffer mon môme au parloir, j'ai dû cacher les bonbons dans mes couilles
Quand j'vois mes faits et gestes délimités
J'réalise que c'est bon la liberté
]
En mode pause 
La vie c'est pas des roses
Je sais d'quoi j'te cause
En mode pause 
Pas grand-chose à faire à part attendre
Les heures, les jours, les mois passent
Les murs restent à leur place
Comme une passerelle, y en a qui sortent, d'autres remplacent
La liste est trop longue, trop d'blazes
N'écoute pas les blablas, les on-dit, la taule c'est naze
Ici y a pas d'kif, y a qu'du stress
Même si c'est dans les efforts et les épreuves qu'on progresse
Dehors j'ai plein d'choses à mettre carré
Pour l'instant j'apprends à vivre dans un neuf mètres carrés
Tu crois qu'c'est plaisant d'être forcé de s'mettre à poil
Et mettre son cul nu devant un surveillant
Tu veux bédave pour avoir un peu d'liberté, faut coffrer
Tu vois à quoi les gens sont livrés
J'voulais du beurre dans mes épinards la justice m'a taclé
Les matons jouent aux cons parce qu'ils ont les clés
Heureusement qu'y a du courrier, du mandat
Pour garder la pêche quand l'moral est au plus bas
Aïe aïe aïe
Le son claque et ça bluffe pas
Ils peuvent enfermer nos gens, mais nos esprits ils peuvent pasStill Nothing New
Yeah it's still nothing new to me
Yeah it's still nothing new to me
And it's still nothing new to me
Yeah it's still nothing new to me
Yeah it's still nothing new
Twisting these views
They can't help but confuse
Help but confuse
With all of this drama, it's like watching the new
Tell me what does it do?
What does it do?
You been trying your best, to make me feel like i'm less
Tell me why all this stress?
You know that were blessed
Yeah you know that were blessed
But I really confess, I ain't been trying my best
Trying my best
You gone see me pull up on the scene
Yeah that still nothing new to me
And I still hold it down believe
Yeah thats still nothing new to me
It don't matter what you do to me
It don't matter what you do to me
I stay standing on my own two feet
Even when im on my lonely
I just be killing it yeah
Burning up all of this gas blow the ceilings yeah
I might have caught a feeling yeah
I just hope that you be feeling me
Hoping that you see the real in me now
The stars are shining come and vibe with me now
Come and vibe with the tribe
Yeah you know how we do
We just keeping it live
Everyday it's something new
But thats still nothing new
Girl tell me whats up with you
Girl tell me whats up with you
I'm hoping its something new
I'm hoping its something new
But girl you know it's true
That it's still nothing new
No it's still nothing new
It's still nothing new
Girl you know it's true
That it's still nothing new:
It's wild how you never know where you life could go
Though so many try to slow your roll
In these trails of life, I ignite to show you the way
If you stay naive and believe what they say
When they try to break you down and sculpt your mind like clay
I was a special-ed student at a school in The Bay
????? , where you  wack counselors tried to bust my tooth
Because I refused the rules
Cuz I was a ten year old stuck in the wrong school for two years
How would you react to fear?
That's why I was so hard to grow near to
Another human being until the age of 19
I'd seen my mother go through different levels of rage
Living with her was like being locked in a cage
Like my pops who's trapped in a world of crack and cocaine
But I never hold him to blame
If I should barely fly from the broken picture frame I call my reality
And blow away into a suicidal breeze
I've been learning more about me
Trying to help kill the anger I see
And became in the rain
I tried, but it's so hard to open up inside
I'ma feel like I'm dying
It's only so high I can get before I start feeling like shit
So excuse me if I act too rude
Chorus:
Excuse me if I act to rude
I've never been a victim to the rain
How many tryna live they lives, and the sprinkle drops of pain
:
It's like a bad attitude was possessing me to dis her
If in turn she had left, I can't front, I would miss her
Almost everyday I think how my head blew up
Thinking I was too large to be touched
By the public or the simple sense of loving someone who had my back
Surrounded by friends that's all new, it had my act put down for a rap star
Positioning convenience by conveniently placing those who had social status
In my circle
The workings of a jerk in the making
The pain's taking tax to quicken life in the eye
Trying to figure out why we want to live privileged
Even down to the little things like sliding in the club
On the guest list forever, very insecure
People live like VIP's within fame as a shelter
It shelters all their loneliness that ego's keep hidden
Forbidden forms of expression in this hip-hop culture or rap game
And so human traits, they many
Humble and slips through the fingers that hold platinum
Gold plats, I wonder if I ever go back after we blow up, after doing this
Stuff
Enough to drive you crazy
Enough to make you hella lazy
Enough to make you think that's a way to be treated
Immediate forms a conflict, rise within denial
The trial of what lies beside your life files
It combines and confines you inside your moods
And gives some insight to why you too...
CHORUS
:
I never meant to be that way
Something inside burns
I'm a survivor
Burns....survivor
Dancing on the world like Josaphine Baker
How many tryna live they lives through the sprinkle drops of pain?
Rain...
I'm a survivor...survivor of war
Dancing on the world like Josaphine Baker
And Louis E...Louis Armstrong's long lost sonApocalypse]
Il est temps
Que tu tendes tes bras
Que tu t'occupes de tes enfants
Deuxième, troisième génération, étrangers jusqu'à quand
Est-ce que tu réalises que j'me sens perdu
Tu m'as donné l'sein
Puis tu m'as dit dégage, tu fais du bruit, tu pues
Je sais qu'tu m'portes pas dans l'cœur
Je l'vois, je l'sens, tu m'as pas traité comme les autres
J'l'ai vu en grandissant
J'connais rien du bled, moi, c'est mes parents qui sont venus ici
Pour être ici j'ai rien demandé à personne, moi
J'aime pas l'foot, j'aime le dessin, en plus j'crois qu'j'suis doué
Treize, quatorze, quinze ans, j'pense qu'à jouer
En bas avec mes potes, on fait pas d'différence
C'est pas bien de faire la différence, chacun ses origines
Ça m'fait bizarre quand j'entends "tu viens d'où?"
Si vous êtes pas bien ici, rentrez chez vous
Mais tu veux qu'j'aille où?
C'est ici qu'j'ai mes repères, j'te répète
J'connais rien d'là-bas
C'est le pays d'mon père et d'ma mère
Ici ma présence égal insécurité
Identité rejetée, j'veux juste exister
]
Il est temps
Que tu tendes tes bras
Que tu t'occupes de tes enfants
Deuxième, troisième génération, étrangers jusqu'à quand
J'ai vingt-quatre, vingt-cinq piges, une petite vie d'famille
Un taf, une femme, un garçon, une fille
J'suis venu tenter ma chance, mes gosses sont nés ici
Si possible j'aimerais construire et faire ma vie ici
J'ai la chance de voyager, d'aller à l'étranger
Et franchement ici je m'sens vraiment étranger
Y a trop d'a priori malgré les années passées
C'est toujours tendu pour les enfants des enfants d'immigrés
Faut qu'les choses changent, la république française
Doit reconnaître ses gosses et leur donner la chance
C'est juste mon avis, c'que j'pense
Dans la vie de tous les jours, on les voit pas les soi-disant valeurs d'la France
Tu viens d'Afrique du Nord, d'Afrique Noire ou des pays d'l'Est
N'oublie pas, t'as l'droit à un bout d'terre sur terre
La terre appartient à personne, tous des humains
C'est la politique et le fric qui divisent
]
Il est temps
Que tu tendes tes bras
Que tu t'occupes de tes enfants
Deuxième, troisième génération, étrangers jusqu'à quand
Ici on met les gens dans les cases
Tu veux faire un test
Laisse-toi pousser la barbe, traverse la rue, kamikaze
Stigmatisés pour justifier les statistiques
Arrêtez, pourquoi devrais-je porter les maux d'la société
J'connais des gens avec plein d'diplômes juste pour poser leurs clés dessus
Le monde du travail s'en fout d'leur cursus
Alors ils mettent leurs propres envies d'côté, y a des bouches à nourrir
Triste réalité, c'est ça ou mourir
À la base on part avec les mêmes chances et après
Les choses changent, avec les préjugés on danse
Le poids du fardeau s'évalue quand on l'porte
Comme celui des épreuves derrière derrière nos portes
]
Il est temps
Que tu tendes tes bras
Que tu t'occupes de tes enfants
Deuxième, troisième génération, étrangers jusqu'à quand]
Est-ce que mon jean est assez clean
Pour espérer
Ma photo dans les magasines
Faut voir
Est-ce que ma jupe est assez short
Pour espérer
Que le show-biz m'ouvre ses portes
Faut voir
Ils veulent prostituer ma musique, l'infantiliser
Dures épreuves que la vie inflige, banalisées
Liberté prise au piège, tous canalisés
Pire que nos bleds, c'est nos esprits qu'ils veulent coloniser
L'argent a remplacé l'fouet, esclavage moderne
On nous berne,
on nous pousse à vivre à l'heure américaine
Sous l'ciel, dans l'faux, le superficiel comme modèle
Maison close rime avec star-system
Les MC font du zèle, veulent briller plus que l'soleil
Prêts à tout pour l'oseille, ils se sont brûlé les ailes
Regarde-les, maquillés, décorés comme un sapin d'Noël
Ça tue l'naturel, oublie les réels problèmes
Bling-bling comme le président
Ça critique mais ça suit l'mouvement
Plus tu mens, plus tu vends
Petit frère, un conseil, n'écoute pas c'qu'ils disent
C'est du vent, reste toi-même simplement
]
Est-ce que mon jean est assez clean
Pour espérer
Ma photo dans les magasines
Faut voir
Est-ce que ma jupe est assez short
Pour espérer
Que le show-biz m'ouvre ses portes
Faut voir
T'aimerais qu'on t'reconnaisse, attends-toi au pire
Tu veux faire du R&B, tu vas te dévêtir
On m'a dit qu'tu voulais plaire, prête à tout pour l'show-biz
Tu seras qu'un passage éclair parmi les étoiles, potiche
La liste est longue pour le rôle de pouf'
Soit belle et tais-toi, c'que tu chantes ils en ont rien à foutre
Ils fabriquent les stars d'un jour à la chaîne
Siliconées jusqu'aux lèvres, simples produits célèbres
Dis-moi, c'est ça qu'tu veux? Allez, retourne jouer aux billes
T'as pas d'figure, t'as pas d'famille?
C'est quoi qu'tu penses vraiment? C'est quoi tes objectifs?
Parle de toi au lieu d'montrer ton string et ton soutif
Ne les laisse pas diriger ta vie
T'es pas un objet, au-delà du physique donne ton avis
Petite sœur, un conseil, n'écoute pas c'qu'ils disent
C'est du vent, reste toi-même simplement
 ]
Est-ce que mon jean est assez clean
Pour espérer
Ma photo dans les magasines
Faut voir
Est-ce que ma jupe est assez short
Pour espérer
Que le show-biz m'ouvre ses portes
Faut voir
]
C'est fou ce qu'on obtient
Contre un sourire
Ce qu'on vous aime quand on a rien
À direMon pote Angelo m'a dit un jour, tu sais 'Stik
J'ai tellement d'énergie que j'pourrais alimenter un village entier en électricité
Rien qu'en branchant mon cerveau dans l'transfo
Qui sont les vrais, qui sont les faux?
J'ai marqué l'histoire avec un single
J'suis un ancien mais trop frais, sont où les autres, sont khéné, ils font la gueule
J'ai dans la poche un grand sourire
Sûr d'moi, éclaté la grande porte
Ouais mon pote, marre des trous d'souris
Du très très lourd, ça l'est serré
Mes potes me disent "doucement"
J'dis "Monsieur l'agent, les menottes faut les desserrer"
R.A.P, que du vrai, que des braves, accélérez
J'fais TB si tu m'laisses le transistor
Hier au confinement, demain release in store
À la San Pitch, gros, comme on dit sur Sey Sey
Sans Pro Tools, la plupart des MC bégayent
Un frérot s'en sort, c'est d'la bombe
Paranos, les rappeurs pensent qu'on est jaloux parce qu'on kiffe pas leurs albums
Oh les mecs, restez cools, pépères
On vous cherche pour des feats, y en a qu'on cherche dans l'dossier FPR
]
Là où tu fais ton biff, c'est là où tu pisses, t'es fou ou quoi
Qu'est-c'tu fais, pélo?
Qu'est-c'tu fais, frérot?
Qu'est-c'tu fais, p'tit pec?
J'suis en plein kif comme à l'époque des smacks
J'peux t'rapper la merde avec le smile
J'rappe dur, le corps pur, j'ai pas pris des prot'
Fukushima, pas d'cinéma, j'vais froisser des prods
Je sors, les miens toujours là à faire des courbettes
Mais qu'est-ce qui s'putain de passe, oh my God
La distance entre l'art et l'profit profite
Écoute ça, c'est du vrai, keep it low profil
Eminem attend l'album Detox
J'veux des grosses prods, faut qu'les beats boxent
Tu kiffe mon rap, XXX
En Afrique j'mange jusqu'à c'que tu m'uploades
J'arrive naturel regarde  tu le sens?
C'est du vrai, God damn 
Rien au monde ne vaut qu'on s'détourne de c'qu'on aime
]
Là où tu fais ton biff, c'est là où tu pisses, t'es fou ou quoi
Qu'est-c'tu fais, pélo?
Qu'est-c'tu fais, frérot?
Qu'est-c'tu fais, p'tit pec?Listen in right here, coz my jam be the joint, press play on the track
Till it hits your boiling, the crowd can no longer sit aside and just
Simmer, we up in the spot as the lights go dimmer
Street athem sound for your local DJ, play the shizzle on your speaker
No delay, equipped to make you bounce with that beat mechanism
We up in the fale with the vinyl cypher system
*Chorus*
Friday night is our scene
Party people everywhere
Check you frequencies
Let me see you gettin down onto the dance floor
Nesians are you with me
Friday night is our scene
Party people everywhere
Check you frequencies
Let me see you take control of mind, body and soul
Get up and Get ready
*Verse 1*
Now everybody wanna be trying to showing individual Mooli technique
Yo every second of the party, M U double L E T, prolifically lacking
In the constant movement your consuming
Initialise them verbal styles to mistify your mind
Demonstrate essential element fundamental rhythms we provide
Essential apparatus
Necessary for these fellas
Broken english is apparent as sene begins to shatter
It be the tropical siva movement for your action
Ain't no excuses like cube said put your back in
Laxed out atmosphere be getting fatter by the minute
The beat be filling up the room, no body getting timid
The brothers gotta keep their lines tight tonight
As the sisters are looking fly, as the place starts to ignite
*Chorus*
*Verse 2*
Now vinyl distractions, focus mental concentration
Instant stutter becomes a hazard to regulation
Not to mention adapt the situation
Materialise upon destination, stand up get up
No more dancing with your eyes
Status uncompromised, villager identifier
Tonight is the night to let your body unwind
So let loose and eventually let you mind initialise
Progression of navigation is encapsulating
That you've waited so long
All your fantasies become reality when they colide
Coz you can't get pass the fact that tonight is Friday night
Oh let the music catch you off guard
Be vulnerable to the beat lady
My style stay cryptic from crossed words out of Adverb
Disturbed from your reverb in the case you never heard
When we rock mics we tend to rock right
Coz when we rock mics we rock the mix right
Ignite your light and throw your hands high
Coz its cracking on a Friday when we roll right
Layin' pipe AK taking the world wide
Sing it with me now
M double O L I come on
*Chorus*So used to feeling low
But now i'm feeling high
Just go with the flow
Ain't no reason why
We should ever stop
Till we reach the top
I  just say go, oh oh oh
Go with the flow, oh oh oh
It'll take you places that you'd never know, oh oh oh
I been filling with hope, like I was stuck in a boat
Then saw land and horizon, it feels like i'm flying
Touching the sky, I'm not falling i'm gliding
Touching the sky, I'm not falling i'm gliding
I was sick of being low thought I had to do something
Just go with the flow
Aren't you sick of being low, thought you had to do something
Just go with the flow
Been sick of feeling low
Now i'm on the road
Doing show to show
Staying with the flow
Staying in my zone
Always on the go
Smoking on that stone
Call it fire
You know that i'm planning on taking you higher
Trying to reach and fulfill all desires
Been building empires
We grow and inspire
Fulfilling desires
I'm taking us higher
Taking us higher
Yeah
Been building empires
We grow and inspire
Yeah
So used to feeling low
But now i'm feeling high
Just go with the flow
Ain't no reason why
We should ever stop
Till we reach the top
Yeah
Taking us higher
Taking us higher
Yeah
Grow and inspire
Grow and inspire
Yeah
Taking us higher
Taking us higher:
Hey, it only gets better now
We commited ourselves to improving the sounds that you hear
Brotha From Anotha, PSC
Making it hard for emcee's to last up in this under scene
Kept 'em wondering why some even tried to front
Like an underling squad was even needed
Weeded out the pot suspects of the lyrical theft
Now we shape shift, loopin' it with the skills of a vet
With mic checks one, too many of you emcees let us down
As I clown with The Grouch
About the range of things that the cool men rap about
In and out, my verse plays with the beat
Hide'n'seek, Marko Polo for the weak flows
I'mma let you know who's in control
Tag my name on the back of your stereo 
Old school intro, throwin' up your W's
Never thought I'd see the gangstas throwin' too
See, times change, and I think it's dope
But thirty-seven times screamin' out "West Coast?!"
If you dope, you dope, no matter where you live
Stolen lands, slave names, emcees is kids with a turf complex
"I'ma break your neck with this fresh ass rap!"
But you won't do that
"But I'm fresh!"
Yeah, I feel your pain
Won't you come have a seat and try to clear your name
Chorus:
Listen to the beats and rhymes
Mystik Journeymen just outdid the times
Are we dope? Yeah, we got a little better
Puttin' down echoes, gettin' hip hop together
:
Destination was Japan
In the land of swift advancement
I passed the DAT tape to DJ Yas
He pressed play
I think a lot of kids will remember that day
We rocked that show, say ho
I think somebody mighta said it too many times
But the rhymes was comin' tight
And we was comin' tight
And if I'm comin' tight, then Corey's comin' tight
Man, I didn't understand
Way underground, gettin' jocked in Japan
Puttin' in work for the Bay and L.A
DJ Ra provided a studio and place to stay
Binmack's my translator, Rob's on the fader
With cuts cutting in to let the ultimate blend
Gonna send you out
Cuz the Mystiks about to turn the party out
CHORUS
:
We got the Grouch in the house
Arata's in the house
We got Murs in the house
We got the whole underworld in the house
We got the Siato-Pe in the house
We got the M.O.S. in the house
We got all the Bay in the house
We got L.A. in the house
We got Eclipse in the house
We got Bored Stiff in the house
We got the Derelicts in the house
We got...the crackin', breakin' backs
I'm breaking my tape deck
I'm bumping that shit out in Japan
Freestyle till the end
We in the land of Tokyo
Take you to where my flow goes
Leave it on the beat and you know
It's comin' from the top of my mind...
He who obtains the light
Must help the future fightAlike me this love
Alike me this love
Alike me this love
Alike me this loveWe've been doing this a minute now
So when you ask the question how my group sized up against the rest
I turn my head to my partners and I smile
Out the window of a 747
Living Legends, tell me what's the true meaning of "revenge"?
Watching the lumps grow
Faulty cats fired in the end
I suppose it's the way of biz
Catching the vapors
Letting business buy you refresher
Should I pucker up to radio jocks to get a spin?
Hoping that they loving the shit
Ain't pretend, type reactions to platter of wax
Probably fatter than the vast amounts of wack ass cuts it doesn't matter
It ain't over
Can't be stopped
Rhyme graffiti for Cologne Germany/Oakland and Tahiti
But I'm coming
Running the show so y'all can know how
The C double O. L. man and the whole operation
Out of the house, add relations international
Don't need the excuse of being hated
Cause I know it
But only will show it cause we the under
Consistently refusing the surface, man we the under
I know it
But only will show it cause we the under
Consistently refusing the surface, man we the under
I know it
But only will show it cause we the under
Consistently refusing the surface, man we the under
Race the moon
Race the moon
Know it, know it
My life is painted like Van Gogh picture
So I can't hear your lies
So many try
To perpetrate, infiltrate right before your eye
I walk upon these streets built of piss and fear
You see we're going nowhere
Unless we learn to fight for what you want
Including in this industry biz where kids flaunt
And play the role, to get on video soul
And MTV where people kiss the doctor
That's suppose to be me
As a rapper fool
As a person fool
I never play no role to get no fame
Fuck an A&R and his bitch ass company name
Ten rappers that retire with millions in their bank account fool
I'ma use you too to get distribution out companies
Around the world wanna give us fake ass deals
Making 'em buy us meals and then be like
"No"
Haha
Laugh and sell their way to tape before I go
Rocking shows in Amsterdam with a hand full of chronic
Six bucks a gram, yeah hydroponic
Outdoor
Can't ignore I house records styles is around the world
Records and tapes escape with me and PSC
And come back
To reality
And ahh oooww
All you fools that can't get a grip
You better jump the mothership
Your life
Reality
Race the moon
Your life
Lost in the world
Of lost desire
Race the moon
Only you can make this change
Change
Change
Never living by the rules in the land of the stolen soul
Seeking my revenge
I guess the toll is the cream of the dream
Of this Hell type life
With the, move it along, with the pain and the strife
And don't get mad if we break down your life within these flows
Your story must be told
I know
We all, find it so hard to change
But remain as a big, human in the front
The time is at bat but you're looking for the bunt
Reality hits home, alone
Outta reach, keep my foes close
So they can understand the true speech
Something in their eyes will tell you if they lie
Or speak the truth
Don't pass it off by just getting high
You must know why the reasons change
What?
The reason's change
Oh so strange
Strange, strange, strange
The reasons change
Possess your mind
Only you...can make a...change
Race the moonBeh ouais
Meldek Music présente
Mystik, DJ H dans les rues d'Marseille
Billet d'sortie l'13 mars 
OK, on y va, dans la zone
Eh ouais
13-015, Plan d'Aou, Soprano
Mystik a.k.a Khaladalik
7-7-100, Groove 100
Regarde le climat actuel, tu veux qu'je sois cool sur un morceau
J'te parle même pas d'ma vie perso
Un par un, mes gars s'font ter-sau
La poisse, hier encore Ghetto 101 s'est fait pécho
Anno, El Mucho, aux Baumettes, gardez l'poireau
Touchez pas leur gamelle, ils mettent des trucs chelou dedans
Dehors y a plus d'stars, que du rap avec la rage
Tu sais quoi on kiffe, sinon dégage
Qu'la justice aille s'faire foutre
Mets-moi un gros chèque sur la table si tu veux qu'j't'écoute
Je leur parle d'artistique, ils me parlent de chiffres
Putain, je leur parle du rap, ils m'parlent de rap game
C'est pas l'même monde gros
2006, j'ai la patate, je sens un bon coup, j'mens gros
Mystik a.k.a Khaladalik
J'ai repris du service dans l'rap, y a un hic
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
On doit aussi réagir au lieu de rougir
Mon rap c'est d'la technologie, le tien d'l'archéologie
La magie sort de ma bouche, pas d'un chapeau
J'ai sous l'capot l'écurie d'un R1 et toi t'as XXX
C'est l'drapeau bleu blanc rouge qui m'pousse à la pyromanie
À cause d'sa mythomanie
À cause du manque de viande sous mes canines
J'suis d'ces jeunes qui rêvent d'Adriana
Sur mon anatomie, mon rap atomique a omis d'dire qu'il n'a
Rien à foutre d'être premier
Et j'rappe pour les caves et les greniers
Où les tapis sont mis pour prier, pour Allah
Où les tapins sont mis pour mouiller, starfoullah
Au mic j'en viens aux mains, ma vie j'la digère mal
Donc au mic j'la vomis, j'ai pas d'face de comique
La belle vie j'la vois les paupières fermées
Car ma vie est en flammes au milieu de casernes de pompiers fermées
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
Du Sud au Nord, faut qu'on soit organisés
Notre musique fait toujours baliser, Sarko revient verbaliser
Les jeunes du ghetto font du grabuge, ils veulent forcer les barrages
Avec comme seul bagage la hargne
On investit l'pavé comme les lycéens
C'est la même merde pour les Parisiens et Phocéens
Regroupés, parqués dans des zones dites de non-droit
Nique leurs lois, on avance avec le milieu doigt
Mystik, Sopra, pour notre Cosa Nostra
Pour tuer au micro, pas besoin d'contrat
Les enfoirés d'en face veulent nous séparer
Leur technique, diviser pour mieux régner mais nous on sait qu'on est pareils et parés
Beh ouais, à chaque attaque c'est carré
Dédicace à ceux qui squattent Notre-Dame de la Garde, de la place Henri IV
Marseille Paname
Le 13 mars dans ta zone
]
Tout c'qu'on veut nous, c'est du rap costaud
Nos différences une force, on s'en fout des codes postaux
C'est pour les quartiers d'Mars et le 7-7-100
Pour les jeunes qui sont out ou ont les mains plein d'sang
Eh ouais
Mystik a.k.a Khaladalik
Meldek Music
Si t'enlèves les maisons d'disque, les magazines
Les radios et tout le tralala lalalala
Y en a plein qui sont plus dans l'coup
Eh ouais
J'reviens pour leur couper la chique, leur faire la nique, nique
Mystik a.k.a Khaladalik, lik
DJ H au laboVerse1 
You lames throwing shots but I ain't feeling these bars
I see you shooting blanks but I'm outchea stealing these broads
I been it killing shit for too long I deserve an award
But for now ya'll can holla me a round of applause
Man I'm slicker than a hitman, snipers and 10 shooters
You aiight my nigga get a couple of mind boosters
What's beef? I bring it to your door like I'm a butcher
You ain't running streets you just standing there like a hooker
Bulawayo is my turf get that clear
I'm ahead of you assholes and ya'll can't come near
Killswitch, kill what? Where your clique at son
Oh I get it they behind you no excuse for the pun
Gotta give you props for thinking you the best one time
The only thing worse than your skill is your nerve mafana
What you smoking on? Kush makes niggas get high hopes
You the king of which city? Nigga you got jokes
I swear angila ngqondo to Christ I put it on
Ubude bakho abungethusi we can get it on
V1 ngiyakutrabha ngikupende on and on
Ngivaye ngini ngibhoshe on top of the stove and switch it on
KLAP on the radio we got more hits than one
Your whole clique been at it, rolling indawe one
Quit claiming to be king lil nigga you ain't one
Roc rizzle got your back in more ways than one
So I'm hearing niggas talking bout the realest in Skies
Who's the dopest nigga rapping and the illest in town
Its only a few killing it homie but some of ya'll
Wack niggas and lame niggas don't get involved
You make a diss song tryna accumulate hype
You love attention like a bitch nigga we hate your type
Man I'm usually homeboys with the same niggas I rap with
But this is my lane so err'body can get it
So that goes for Pmdee, P2daoh, Rizzle, POY, Badkid, VIC, Digits, Thorne, Bizzle, 2dope, Spinx, Cal_Vin, Psyko and K Brizzy
I got love for you all but I'm tryna murder you niggas
No sugar coating I'm really finna bury you niggas
Some of ya'll ain't real and I call ya'll feminine niggas
What is competition, oh I get it, its my reflection
When I'm looking in mirror, the game is my playstation
I'm done with beef lemme get to the rapping
I'm a lyrical beast all you muh'fuckers be lacking
Don't try and figure me out dawg I'm not a Rubik's
I'm killing the game softly so I'm sum like The Fugees
I sound better after ever track, l excel
You need a confirmation better check my clientele
The flow's parallel to rivers in the amazon
Married to the game and the mic is like a battle zone
The grind is steady I pray to God for my sins
When I'm on the stage I move people like the magazines
No buttabing, but I'm slicker on the realer I'm a king and I'm rolling with the better team
I been away from the city that I hail from
Lames claim to be running the fortress that I own
You decline huh, oh really though?
I don't give a fuck like a woman in her period
The flow is killing the rhyme is undoubtable
I grab the mic and make you rappers uncomfortable
I'm the nightmare you always see yourself in
Finna make it hard for you to breathe in your inception
Dangerous bars man I'm a venomous spitter
Rebelious flow my nigga ask Blaqhitler
Yeah I'm that nigga with one shirt
Let the whole city know how I killed ya'll with one verse!Yeah!
Mais qu'est-ce qui s'putain d'passe?
Ils nous ont parqués, ils ont niqué nos cursus
Faire le con, s'faire embarquer dans l'rap je veux péter plus
Ça va trop vite dans la tête cousin, Alain Prost
Du rap lourd XXX la race à Kid Frost
J'suis le fils de ma daronne, j'ai l'excellence
Pas assez d'place dans une punchline, petit, trop lourd de sens
J'parle pas dans l'vent
Le temps passe à t'rappeler d'bons moments
Une glissade et  paix aux arrivants
Tu vois c'que j'veux dire, ça va trop vite
Les niggiz sont passés de U.A.V à Louis Vui'
Ça parle plus de bien rapper, ça parle de swag
S'en battent les couilles de Boogie Down, KRS-One
Travestir son art pour briller, fuck da shit
Jalouser la réussite d'un frérot, fuck da shit
Tu trouveras les mots même si t'as grandi dans l'silence
Nous sommes les fils de nos daronnes, poto, on a l'excellence
]
You know me, you know me
Stik-My, real shit pas de tho-my
You know me, I say you know me
Les MC veulent briller plus que l'astronomie
Mon son tourne, mes frérots tournent au goudron au boulot désert
On s'est relevés de tellement d'chutes, toujours àl zere
Petites étoiles du quartier, sombre ciel notre époque
Dur de résister, j'comprends mes khos en mode mother fuck'
International bullshit
La colère, l'indignation ferment leur gueule
Same shit, real shit
Meldek music
,
NSM music, j't'envoie un wizz
J'ai la patate
j'viens vous fumer, Wiz Khalifa
On a les crocs, on voit la fa-fa s'agrandir
Faut le bec mec, j'vais pas t'mentir
Speed, pour le liquide, wicked
Pardon, c'est pas la branlette qui rend sourd mais c'est le rien dans l'bide
Écoute ton cœur, dans la tête écarte les parasites
Du bout d'la rue j't'envoie d'la force, peu importe où tu résides
Tu trouveras les mots même si t'as grandi dans l'silence
Nous sommes les fils de nos daronnes, poto, on a l'excellence
]
You know me, you know me
Stik-My, real shit pas de tho-my
You know me, I say you know me
Les MC veulent briller plus que l'astronomieThere exists no force
That could ever hold us back
From the mic comes forth
The cause to counteract
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
Armed with intention
Unified expression
Together we're stepping forward
Collective in vision uplifting
Side by side allied not competition
Unity creates steps to propel
The mass who excel through walls keeping them down oh
So all my soldiers put your hands up
Who be the soul rebels coming with the cause
Fusing gaps bridging the journey
Tou rourou Taku rourou
Kia ora e te iwi
Galvanised marching forward
Community powerful
Invincible this entity pure strength exhumed through unity
So don't worry about a thing cause every little thing is going to be alright
My people let's unite
The movements coming get on board or jump ship
We ain't going no where if the force ain't equipped
So here's what we gone do, let our powers combine
Generate the voltron effect components intertwine
Barriers fall, similar to riot squads
Limitless exploration we roam, gather resource
Reaching above and beyond, given the chance we form
A greater alliance more capable to perform
Against the hate we decrease and disconnected energies
Disinfecting all threats of dislocating our peace
It don't matter your complexion or even what section
As long as we're moving in a positive direction
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
From the mic comes forth
The cause to counteract
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
Armed with intention
Unified expression
Together we're stepping forward
The question remains 'are you on board the bus?'
We take pride in evry step like the million man march
When its time to
Unite Im positive you will know send the message down the pipe and let other people know
We coming to sever humanities undying thrist
For destruction our conjunction will resemble cloudburst
I speak the spoken words dilated peoples rehearse
When worst comes to worst my tangata come first
I said friction buries our people, disjointed we gather dust
No vision to excel, Randomness is killing our thrust
Or should I say drive, Merging the gaps within our armour
Only together is power possessed as reflection of mana
Woyooo
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
From the mic comes forth
The cause to counteract
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
Armed with intention
Unified expression
Together we're stepping forward
Gee was born on one of the 12 brothers
His birth name was given Simeon
For many of my years his life remained anonymous
Taurus the stubborn bull of May who led the way
Lead me astray but still I rise to face the day
Together everyone achieves more back to back shoulder to shoulder the ultimate force
United as one we stand together heads high
As we row this waka in time and stand unified
Together we stepping forth no one can hold us back
We like the fantastic fobs on a positive attack
On a quest to excel past the negativity
We gonna shine in unity
So go on 
Let me see you hold on 
As 1 mind, body and soul
Head strong
Nesian be letting you know
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
From the mic comes forth
The cause to counteract
There exists no force
That could ever hold us back
Armed with intention
Unified expression
Together we're stepping forwardI decided to choose the road of truth not the one of silver and gold
I recognized the XXX goes now
I smile, no matter what they say or do, I rise
And darkness clear out my eyes
I made the choice
To follow the voice of your XXX
Not the ones who wanna pull me on the wrong way
You can't break
My integrity
Your money
Will never ever buy my soul
You can try to put my wheel down
But feel my power, and see what I become
Me, you can't break me, you can't kill me
Only God judge me
Je contemple c'que la vie m'offre
Plus de valeur que c'que tu peux mettre dans l'coffre
Des choses simples, apprécier un coucher d'soleil
Des belles pensées en dormant, sourire au réveil
Intégrité, regarde c'qu'on est devenus
Ma mère m'appelle Ghislain, ils m'ont appelé détenu
Droit dans mes bottes, j'pleure pas sur mon sort
J'garde le cap en attendant l'bon port
J'pèse mes mots quand j'dis musique de survie
Malgré tout on porte le poids d'nos putain d'lifes
You can't break
My integrity
Your money
Will never ever buy my soul
You can try to put my wheel down
But feel my power, and see what I become
Dans la chienté, zarma ils rappent sans compromis
On est tous frères, devant les sous potentiels ennemis
J'étais là-bas assis dans mon coin, j'disais rien
J'ai vu la compétition dans tout, les gens qui partagent rien
J'embrasse mon mektoub, seul tout, sans relais médiatique
Même les proches ferment les portes d'intérêts économiques
Pas grave, musique libre, honorable
Pour nos frères et sœurs, descendants des grands bâtisseurs
Tant qu'on apprend, dépense moins qu'c'qu'on gagne
Sache, la vraie richesse n'est pas dans l'argent mais dans l'partage
Chaque moment qu'tu vis est unique, prends l'temps
Tu peux t'acheter une belle montre, tu peux pas acheter l'temps
You can't break
My integrity
Your money
Will never ever buy my soul
You can try to put my wheel down
But feel my power, and see what I become, yeah
You can't break
My integrity
Your money
Will never ever buy my soul 
You can try to put my wheel down
But feel my power, and see
What I become
You can't buy my soul or your soul is against
Don't buy my soul
You can't buy my soul or your soul is against
You can't break
My integrity
Your money
Will never ever buy my soul
Will never ever buy my soulMr. Sound seletor
Hook me up with a melody
Mr. Sound seletor Oh yeah
Hit me with the beat c'mon
*Verse 1*
Leave your vocal points at the door
No submerged rhymed tactics
Keep your soul
Whilst shattering verbal lyrical fractures
All content seen in context, it just reflects
When the beat pulses the systems
Who knows what comes next?
Architect of the Arch musical Dynasty
Once again another set from the S.A.B.R.E
Headphone set alight from the heat we supply
Voltage on high elements elevate to the sky
Derive the means live slim
But never shady on premier
Cultivating, Navigating, air raiding through sound layers
Debutant when first dropping beats elevating vinyl cuts
You didn't see it coming till the force pressure motion to bust
Raw facts, true essence don't echo through all raps
We need to counteract bringing them soul claps
Ignite roots connection, Express new projections
Innovative, creative styles in which we blessed with
*Chorus*
It's on, it's on tonight
On and on tonight 2x
*Verse 2*
Audio speaking through your speakers
The system's out of commission
Pay attention concentration this art of verbal expression
Under pressure the compression of disruption to the nation
Causing radio eruption verbal destruction
Music construction this verbal transmissions our way of life
Verbally expressin our expressions through music we're causing hype
M.C, Old, Awa,D, Sabre, Health, J.P
Bringing you recipes hot flavours with the beats now
You can't forget about the melodies, harmonies
Flowing systematically 
Possibly this domination will effect
With unpredictable MC's unite collaborate
"Stereodic" ability disables this negativity
Dropping new components as we be rocking through this industry
Sufficient dynamics displayin real satisfactory
Systematically alive pushing through the boundaries
Now all we want to do is feel the vibe to take us higher
Yo here comes another one unlike them other ones
Melodic and hypnotic psychotic and patriotic
Girl let your body flow let your body flow
Now fire it up, now fire it up
*Verse 3*
Automatic system and vinyl cipher kinetics
Microphone intimidation impenetrable phonetics
Lyrical mentality a syndication of style
Prepare to battle on the mic
Generation NESIAN CHILD
So whats your cipher pick up the vibe and turn the lights on
Semantic imagery of audio system we ride on
Let bygones be bygones you know you can rely on
The beat to carry the melody prolifically all night long
It's on to the break of dawn
Nesian Style party all night long its on
View sound through all types of audio spectrums
Contenders reigns are short lived once we rock their sections
I come complex with flows like Sabre, Trax and N.A.T did
Orbit the mic Beastie Boys Intergalactic
*Chorus*We come with weapons held high
In the darkness you will never see the light
Swords blades and fire
We are the knights and we can feel your fright
Open your eyes and seek
Call our for mystik!
Worship, taking their souls
Writing the tales
Remember our name
We’re warriors from hell
Are we myth or history we’re here to tell
Rituals all in our name
The army’s of hell are entering the gates
As darkness is falling
Commanders of legion we’re leading their way
Call prince of darkness in the night
At sundown we shall defy
Slay, lynch and conquer
Yield or unite
We’ve got you in our sight
Open your eyes and seek
Cry out for mystik!
Fire
We trust in the power
Of darkness and vengeance
We feed on mercy
Bleed for us, kneel for us
We’re in-destructive
Surge, obscurity
Demons
Malignant spirits
Remain to masticate
Ruthless, tyrannical
Troopers if hades
They will them the bodies
Of the lost souls
Forever strong, almighty and tall
Whoever knows, will fight for them all
Together we stand
We will protect
Raise our fists and align
Cry outThe burning sensation is driving you mad
Screams of torture echoes from the underground
The cult is arriving, it smells like a feast
It wipes out your mind, to feel the beneath
Don't close your eyes at night
You should be afraid of the dark
As the nightmares seem existent
But still beyond erratic
Surrounded by malevolent forces
A phantom possesses your soul
You axe the limbs of your loved ones
Excitement and pleasure will strike
Out of control
The one who will liberate
His soul will be hallowed
In anguish and agony
Open the gate
Before the almighty
Ineffable god
Open the gate to hell
Nightmares of horror and torment
Will never seize to exist in your mind
The specter has now taken over
Longing for fire and brimstone
Cry out for blood as the nightmares come true
The sabbath has started
You know what to do
Delirious from slaughterous visions
The feeling of pleasure will pound
Virgin blood from your daughter
Sacrifice at the alter
The head of a priest and bones from your son
The last one is you, in a snare you are hung
The one who will liberate
His soul will be hallowed
In anguish and agony
Open the gate
Before the almighty
Ineffable god
Open the gate to hell
The one who will liberate
His soul will be hallowed
In anguish and agony
Open the gate
Before the almighty
Ineffable god
Open the gate to hellStrange sensation under your skin
Bloodsucking mites are crawling within
Swelling cluster about to burst
Loathsome creatures of deadly thirst
Grate and scratch, you feel it burning
Infestation of dreadful vermin
Scream until your cries are shattered
They say it's all inside your head
Sucks your life, a parasite
Spreads in your blood, a disease
Feel it crawling deeper inside but no one can
Hear you scream
Let me fall Into Oblivion
Take me down where darkness descends
Let me perish
Thrust me into the abysmal mist
So that Death may call for my breath to desist
Subjected to this horrible torment
Now life is a nightmare you can not escape
Psychosomatic delusions
Keeping you locked up for your own sake
While your veins are drained by an alien lifeform
Raging pain, please let it end
Strapped to a bed, locked in a cell
Waiting for death but already in hell
Sucks your life, a parasite
Spreads in your blood, a disease
Feel it crawling deeper inside but no one can
Hear you scream
Let me fall Into Oblivion
Take me down where darkness descends
Let me perish
Thrust me into the abysmal mist
So that Death may call for my breath to desist
Sucks your life, a parasite
Spreads in your blood, a disease
Feel it crawling deeper inside but no one can
Hear you scream
Let me fall Into Oblivion
Take me down where darkness descends
Let me perish
Thrust me into the abysmal mist
So that Death may call for my breath to desistRevenge
Revenge
Revenge
She gassed up my crew with a smile and a head nod
Not knowing that to hype up an artist was her job
Our relations were to innocence
Intent to make it in
Enter to the world exposed on television
World travelers and do it yourselfers
Wanted to shop this and drop it on America
Thought, "Who could ever stop this? It's dope!"
No strings or ropes getting pulled here
Just walked into her office and turn it to a conference yeah
In '99 we taking no shorts from all the doubts fires extinguished
Promise takers in drag
All the liars switch focus
From the industry to the music
To make good music that's the foremost, utmost, we stood
Up close adversities to nemesis
Genesis is Journeymen
Let me see them hands raises, all I wanna see
From the Red Sea to Boulder Colorado crank the throttle
On the power move there's nothing left to prove
Do it better than the way we did it
Never could regret it, bit it none admit it
So forget it
I said forget it
I said forget it
I said forget it
Uh oh
 {x2}
I watch the things you do, you're such a fool
Do you know your soul should be worth more to you?
Oh weed and them dranks got your mind in a daze
I see right through you girl and the games you play
I'm watching every move you do
Booze you choose, snooze you lose
Moves you clue, me into everything I knew
I seen it in your eyes too
You're playing games so I'm playing games too
Running up the attitude
Beddie on my lip like it's glue
Smoking my view like a slide show
Slide yo' body to the side as we glide through the day
You can't hide from the truth
Using denial for a root
Denial from the spoof
We're trapped in
I'm feeling strapped in
Mad ass Hell like Don King with some clippers in his face, yell
Then scream as another team
To the wall and place
You'se as fake as a steroid
I'm a strong as an Altoid
I can't be stopped
You can't be dropped
You time
This is your world, take it back
Chemical imbalance
Not too many talents
Caught you acting childish, while this
Grown man was out getting the bacon who's faking?
Said I wasn't serious and I was not mistaken
Making all the right moves to get what I want
Crazy counterparts always return to haunt
But I'm not scared, I'm prepared properly
Preoccupied at the present not property
Of you, got to be the beef in the stew
Be the same individual for one and two
I don't like games if you really can't play 'em
I got rap names but I hate when you say 'em
To your friends
I'm up ten levels in the brain
Tried to get you high, you know, without the flame
Now don't doubt the game
It's about the gain of know how, get your whole style right
When I state my opinion don't bite
When I'm in it, fit tight
Too much to ask? I don't think so
Reality's out your grasp
You're on the brink so fast
Get to stepping with your psycho ass[Intro: Lj}
Yeah, its still nothing new to me
Yeah, its still nothing new to me
And, Its still nothing new to me
Yeah, its still nothing new to me
Yeah its still nothing new
You be twisting these views
It can't help but confuse
Help but confuse
With all of this drama
Its like watching the news
Tell me what does it do
What does it do
You been trying your best
To make me feel like im less
Tell me why all this stress
You know that we're blessed
Yeah you know what we're blessed
But i really confess
I ain't been trying my best
Trying my best
You gone see me pull up on the scene
Yeah its still nothing new to me
And i still hold it down believe
Yeah thats still nothing new to me
It dont matter what you do to me
It dont matter what you do to me
Ill stay standing on my own two feet
Even when im on my lonely
I just be killin it yeah
Burning up all of this gas blow the ceilings yeah
I might have caught a feeling yeah
I just hope that you be feeling me
Hoping that you see the real in me now
The stars are shining come and vibe with me now
Come and vibe with the tribe
Yeah you know how we do
We just keeping it live
Every day something new
Yeah thats still nothing new
Girl tell me whats up with you
Girl tell me whats up with you
Im hoping its something new
Im hoping its something new
But girl you know its true
That its still nothing new
No its still nothing new
(No its still nothing new
Girl you know its true
That its still nothing new)no they never gonna see us down, no no,
Never gonna see us down,
no they never gonna see us down, no no no
you wont ever see me down
Getting higher then them clouds
Getting lost up in my sound
it gone make your head go round
Getting higher then them clouds
getting lost up in my sound
itll make your head go round
Itll make your head go round
Getting lost up in my sound
Getting higher then them clouds x2
you wont ever see me down, no no
you gone never,
You wont ever,
you wont ever,
Getting higher,
Getting lost
You gone never see me down
getting higher then them clouds
getting lost up in my sound
it gone make your head go round
you gone never see me drown
you gone never see me down
getting high up in them clouds
getting lost up in my sound
it will make your head go round x2
you will never see me down x2
You wont ever see me down x4Cunumicita, linda chiquita
Ojos de agua purus
Dame el encanto de tu boquita
Llena de achachairu
No ves chiquita, que estoy llorando
Solo por tu querer, no ves chiquita
Que estoy sufriendo solo
Por tu amor
Ya veras que lindo es
Amarce con devocion
Mi amor te lo dare
Cunimicita del corazon x2
Escuchame, himno de amor
Es el amor del corazon x2
Ya veras que lindo es
Amarce con devocion
Mi amor te lo dare
Cunumicita del corazón x2
Cunumi canto del corazon x2In the heavy dark, the moon is greiving
Can you hear the chant from the cove
Follow the Devil's verse
The sounds of death and your fate is cursed
Your last breath in tears and sorrow
As you dance out your soul for the neck to swallow
Collecting the souls of the bodies which lies in the
Lake of Necrosis
Seek the enchanting light
Into the night black creek
And hear the chant of dissolution
Med vågor så svarta
Möt här döden
I ett gränslöst hav av mörker
En känsla av stumhet
Fall här ner i okända öden
Freezing crystal night, in the black hauntеd forest
You're wandering in dеsires of death
The mournful hymns you follow
They put you in trance and they're making you
Hollow
Lust of grief takes you further
He's waiting for you to dance into the black water
Collecting the souls of the crying
The weakest, the living and dying
Seek the enchanting light
Into the night black creek
And hear the chant of dissolution
Med vågor så svarta
Möt här döden
I ett gränslöst hav av mörker
En känsla av stumhet
Fall här ner i okända öden
Seek the enchanting light
Into the night black creek
And hear the chant of dissolution
Med vågor så svarta
Möt här döden
I ett gränslöst hav av mörker
En känsla av stumhet
Fall här ner i okända ödenYou know you're the child of the devil
Born to mediate the forces of evil
Hunted by the repelling priest
Priest of the false god
Pain and suffering you have brought
The plague has emerged to earth
Fire turns the sky blood red as the witches calls black
Demons of hell/The death rite
You're not afraid to get burnt
In fire you were born and will die
Dark thunder will lingеr
And demons possess
You can not wait for your final breath
Thеy're going to hang you
Hunt of the witch
Carry the power to purgatory
Hunt of the witch
Hear the masses coming
Fell the breath of smoke and of flames
As you get dragged towards them
Release the evil grin
Pain and suffering you have brought
The plague has emerged to earth
Fire turns the sky blood red as the witches calls black
Demons of hell/The death rite
The flesh slowly blackens
And screams not seemed to be from pain
Black magic, wrathful power
Tormented outbreak
You can not wait for your final breath
They're going to hang you
Hunt of the witch
Carry the power to purgatory
Hunt of the witch
They're going to hang you
Hunt of the witch
Carry the power to purgatory
Hunt of the witch
Hunt of the witch]
Au nom du père, des fils
Et des sains d'esprit
Ils font la guerre, trahissent
La paix est bannie
J'ai envie d'apporter ma pierre à l'édifice
À mon échelle, faire c'que j'ai à faire
Cette vie d'chien, une leçon d'foi, frère
Avoir du cœur, tout c'qu'on n'donne pas on le perd
Mais l'cœur est sot si la tête est vide
Faut pas qu'l'industrie modifie c'qui nous met en scène
Rimes profondes, en noir mon éclair du monde
Rien n'change, même si les skeuds je bicrave
Le charbon change pas d'couleur quand on l'lave
Le rap est une partie d'ma vie, j't'le dis une fois d'plus
J'vais y apporter mes coutumes et mes us
Tout viendra à point si on attend
Dans l'instant vaut mieux pas être en mauvais termes avec les crocodiles de l'étang
Sale temps, même les intempéries s'en mêlent
Le haram retourne au haram, essuie ta semelle
C'est l'usage qui l'veut
On n'y peut rien, dans l'taf on te tej, t'as pas le visage qu'ils veulent
La route de notre destin n'est pas au bout d'sa course
Tu peux censurer, on bombera l'torse, on écrira en morse
Pour propager l'message jusqu'en Terre mère
En Terre mère, faut-il mourir pour découvrir l'amour
On tue facilement un monstre mais c'est dur de tuer un être humain
Putain, j'aimerais l'dire, dire en africain
Mais j'parle qu'avec des bouts d'feuilles donc peu m'comprennent
Trop d'familles en deuil à cause de ceux qui prennent
]
Au nom du père, des fils
Et des sains d'esprit
Ils font la guerre, trahissent
La paix est bannie
J'voudrais plus d'amour dans nos cités
Un monde où la paix pourrait régner
Plantons un arbre pour chaque enfant qui meurt
Jetons nos armes dès que nous avons peur
J'comprends pas, qu'aujourd'hui
Il y ait des clochards dans Paris
Existe-t-il donc un puits
XXX
[Refrain: Strategy/
Mystik
]
Au nom du père, des fils
Et des sains d'esprit
Ce que Dieu t'a destiné
Ils font la guerre, trahissent
Vaut mieux que c'qu'on choisit par l'œil
La paix est bannie
Plus d'unité
Au nom du père, des fils
Et des sains d'esprit
Une seule pagaie ne fait pas avancer la pirogue, man
Ils font la guerre, trahissent
Ce que Dieu lie
La paix est bannie
Personne ne peut le délier
C'est au nom du père
Promotionnent la haine
C'est avec la guerre
Qu'ils financent leur systèmeOn est partis d'la nuit pour creuser l'chemin d'l'espoir
Émerger d'la boue, sous l'soleil qui brille pour tous
Y a un air à chanter au-delà des hommes
Y a dans chacun d'nous de quoi faire une bête ou un homme
Soit deux graines qui peuvent donner l'ortie ou l'blé, la guerre avilit l'homme
Malheureusement le plus souvent c'est la mauvaise qu'on arrose
On avance dans une course folle
C'est vrai qu'la science soigne, mais des vraies valeurs faut pas qu'on s'éloigne
On est des vagabonds aux souliers usés
La tête dans les nuages, garder l'esprit ouvert face aux mirages
J'apporte ma pierre en écrivant quelques pages
En espérant forger l'espoir de quelqu'un quelque part
On a tous jeté des pierres, dis-moi à quoi ça a servi
C'est des gros pavés qu'il faut pour ralentir la course du Sheitan dans nos vies
La bonne voie on la connaît
Est-ce qu'on est destinés à être squelettes avant qu's'achève l'agonie
Compagnons d'la longue marche, on sait c'que c'est qu'les vaches maigres
On va d'l'avant, on lâche pas, la même gouache au micro
C'est d'la pêche qu'on donne aux frères et sœurs au micro
Et l'espoir pour ceux qui se cherchent
Le rap au bout t'lève,
dans l'chemin d'pierres en hors-piste
Cherche la clé des songes pour savoir si la colombe existe
Pourquoi chercher des coupables
Et si nous sommes tous coupables, marchons la tête haute comme des poucaves 
Entre la vie et l'sens de la vie la conscience nous tcheh
Mais les médecins pour des malades et personne pour certains bien-portants
La zone une seconde peau quand les murs poisseux t'collent au cul
Je sais pourquoi, pour qui j'fais c'que mon cœur m'demande quand j'écris
Parlons pas d'révolution, on la craint
Alors, fais tes faires-a ou trouve un job
Toute façon nous sommes des fauves en liberté
, des survivants en exode
Chez nos frères et sœurs on trouve le moteur de nos ambitions
Non, ils n'sont pas là qu'pour la transgression
On n'avalera pas la couleuvre
Malgré les épreuves et les larmes qu'on abreuve
Compagnons d'la longue marche, on sait c'que c'est qu'les vaches maigres
On va d'l'avant, on lâche pas, la même gouache au micro
C'est d'la pêche qu'on donne aux frères et sœurs au micro
Et l'espoir pour ceux qui se cherchent
Frères et sœurs, et si on faisait la courte échelle
Qu'on aille tous de l'autre côté du mur toucher la conscience universelle
Le rap une épaule pour les gens d'en-bas
J'suis l'patrimoine de l'humanité, pas un bien d'État
Pendant qu'ils dorent la pilule
Au micro c'est d'l'espoir qu'on donne pour ceux qui se cherchent et ceux qui sont seuls en cellule
Non, tout l'monde n'est pas totalement pourri, y a des esprits qui fermentent
Comme la pâte abandonnée du bon pain
Il nous mettent en cage, après ils parlent de réinsertion
Peut-on remettre la feuille à l'arbreGirl i got you, got you on my mystik mind
Girl i got you, got you
Girl i got you on my mind
I just want you to be mine
I ain't tryna waste your time
I just wanna see you shine
We been tryna make some moves
Been tryna share the groove
If you tryna come through baby i could show you
What im really tryna do
Im tryna take you overseas
Im tryna make some memories
Nobody else ahead of me
And the rest of them just dead to me
You dont know what you meant to me
Now lets just change the scenery
Cause i need me some greenery x2
I just changed the scenery
And i think i found the one
You was sweet as cinnabon
Come over and get you some
I just wanna eat you up
Ever since we met its true
I dont know what to do
Cause im really feeling you
So why you gotta diss me
I know that you miss me
Come here just kiss me
I been tryna fuck with you ever since day one
Every time i look at you, you be shining like the sun
But the nights still young baby tell me what you want
I been tryna get it
Just let me know if you with it
Pop whatever with whoever because nothing lasts forever
However im tryna tell ya that my hearts so cold
Whole squad cold i be chillin like this
Feeling like the bad guy villain in this
Cause i dont usually do relationships
Guess im the only real one left in this shit
But with you ill take the dip
Come on baby take a trip
Feel the vibe dont wait for it
You could be my greatest hit
We will make it work, i know i know
We will make it last, i know
Girl i got you on my mind
I just want you to be mine
I ain't tryna waste your time
I just wanna see you shineI gotta find a reason
Been looking for peace
I gotta find a reason
been looking for peace
in these harmonies
ive been on my knees
I'm begging you please
No i wont let you down
Been working my ways for a minute now
I hope you can see these clouds
You can find me at the top, and
I aint never gonna stop, Man
Up on this cloud aint looking down high as i've ever,
However,
I think its more clever to change the weather
and whether or not give it all that i got,
to stir the pot, this is my only shot
give it all that i got
They gone wanna tell me to stop
They gone wanna see me flop
but i cant never see me drop, nah
I cant ever see me drop
you gone catch me in a drop top
Riding through your city non stop, yeah
Come sit up on my cloud
No i wont let you down
No i cant let you down
No i wont let you downIci les gosses grandissent, pas comme grandissent les autres enfants
À leur âge ils veulent des ture-vois, pèsent le poids du franc
Multiplient les attaches, le voc
Amassent autant de vices que les billes à l'époque
Maintenant le trou c'est le bloc
Le film change, on parle plus des mêmes gosses, on parle de négoce
La zone a le même parfum à chaque fois qu'on se voit, les jeunes tisent
Dévorés, ruinés pas l'esprit de convoitise
Tous veulent des sous, tous veulent du flouze, les flics aux trousses
Les épaules vaincues par leur fardeau, les pièges guettent
Ceux qui jetaient les pétards maintenant les fument
Ca pète, ça pète de partout, partout pour beaucoup, matricule voyou
La rage perce dans mes écrits, les cris percent comme des voyous
Des problèmes qui fleurissent comme des fleurs dans le jardin
On te poussera toujours à te cogner le front, si tu sais de qui tu es le pion de quelles règles, de quels jeux, quels joueurs tu leur fais affront
Guette comment ça le fait à fond, à donf
Compte sur personne pour te porter en triomphe
L'autre fait sa vie, ta vie se défait, la zone te bouffe
Tu sais, mec, comme coincé dans le niouf, chouf
On piétine ta parole, ma role-pa si on ne te noie pas
Ceux qui prétendent t'apprécier, t'étouffent en te serrant dans leurs bras
Faites que je sois la proie du lion avant de faire du lapin ma proie
C'est la zone totale, le temps qui passe efface l'empreinte de mes pas
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
Quand je descends d'un pas, quand la zone me tend que des appâts
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
C'est une époque de croisade, renards contre loups, tous fous
Se disputent la dépouille avec des grosses dents, pratiquent le rentre-dedans
La rage deviens comme religion, relie, rassemble des foules entières
Farouches, effarouchent, provoquent la débandade des adversaires
Monte, une chaleur particulière, une mêlée
Des frères perclus encerclés de barbelés, des bâtiments crades
Façades remplies d'insultes en forme de slogans
Mon flow fracasse avec ou sans gants
C'est la débâcle, les haut-placés nous taclent, parlent dans le vide ?
Leurs coeurs creux et pleins d'ordures, fidèles aux promesses perfides
Je perfore le corps social avec la touffeur qui s'en dégage
Muets sont les visages, muets sont les visages
C'est la zone totale, le temps qui passe efface l'empreinte de mes pas
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
Quand je descends d'un pas, quand la zone me tend que des appâts
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
Quand je descends d'un pas, quand la zone me tend que des appâts
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas?
La seule chose qui me motive, ces rêves qui rythment mes jours
Qui reviennent à chaque fois comme un leitmotiv
La vie d'un homme peut se raconter de plusieurs manières
Y'en a qui zonent, y'en a qui braquent, d'autres réussissent dans leur carrière
Que des couleurs bizarres dans le jour présent
Mais à présent, regardez bien, le passé est étonnamment présent
T'inquiète, j'oublie pas, ils m'ont fait croire en des valeurs fausses
Ils ont mis leurs pieds dans les pas du galerianos
Je fais mes affaires, tranquille, jamais je me dépêche
Personne m'empêche, j'ai plus de pêche que Michel qui se Delpech
Ne me cherche pas, je te cherche pas, toujours sur la brèche
On m'appelle Bourras Crame du charras, j'écrase pire qu'un char arras
Trop de frères égarés, qui brouillent leurs propres pistes, leurs propres traces
Perdent la tête, les pas cent fois refaits harassent
Les petites frappes cherchent une ombre d'emprunt
Sur un sol commun, l'adepte s'adapte au Jazz
Dans ce royaume, nul n'est prophète
L'espoir perdu où les enfants flirtent avec la défaite
Les gloires faussées, les larmes mal effacées rappellent le temps passé
Avec une fine tristesse, le temps qui passe emporte certaines pensées
Dans une société qui avale ses propres fils
Fait voler en éclats toutes les valeurs sociale, je glisse
Toujours impec, chaque jour je lutte avec ce sale pronostic sur moi
Sournois, ceux qui m'en veulent veulent s'asseoir sur moi
C'est la zone totale, le temps qui passe efface l'empreinte de mes pas
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?
Quand je descends d'un pas, quand la zone me tend que des appâts
Mais vers quelle terre vont se diriger nos pas ?Just like soldiers
On night patrol
We march forward
Towards the final goal
Triumph and victory
The city at our feet
We know just what we want
Your blood will run down the street
Black shining leather
We are glory bound
The sword of conquest
Will cut you to the ground
The silent hours now
Are filled with cries
We serve our Master
Beneath the blackened skies
Most try running
Some stand to fight
But no one makes it
To the morning light
Bleed for the Night
The night patrol!
Just like lightning
We strike with deadly force
Behind our glowing еyes
No feelings of remorse
Undеad warlord
On phantom stallion ride
Our infernal bloodlust
Can not be satisfied
Most try running
Some stand to fight
But no one makes it
To the morning light
Bleed for the Night
The night patrol!
Most try running
Some stand to fight
But no one makes it
To the morning light
Bleed for the Night
The night patrol!Power fuled
Muscle max
Created for destruction
To break and fly fast
Wings of fire
Swords with light
His army is behind him
Ready to fight
Covered in spikes and leather
And core made of steel
No mercy
No mercy for the living
Creatures
They will kneel
Hellish force
Force of hell
Hear his echo
Across the land
The earth stands in fire
As he raises his hand
Born in darkness
From blood and fear
Programmed for vengeance
To break and to tеar
Covered in spikes and lеather
And core made of steel
No mercy
No mercy for the living
Creatures
They will kneel
Power fueled
Muscle max
Created for destruction
To break and fly fast
Wings of fire
Swords with light
His army is behind him
Ready to fight
Covered in spikes and leather
And core made of steel
No mercy
No mercy for the living
Creatures
They will kneelDeep, beneath the cauldron fire
Through the chalice into your veins
It will poison your blood black
And behold your inner cries
A form of release
In this depth of hatred
As all the children will burn
Of our last dying breed
Veiled, a black mass deceiver
There's a rapid storm of darkness
A raven's beak will thrive
As it feast on their lies
Cruelty and madness
Is the path to set you free
Enthralled by mass destruction
As you hail the supremacy
Sacrifice to the Ancient Majesty of death
Ancient Majesty
Majesty, majesty of death
Perish, fall into the void
Strange voices will lead the course
Your savage dream will prevail
Writhe in agony and wail
Clouds of distress
Bells of torment will chime
End is near, nothing will remain
The dark shadows will reign
Silent, the black magic persists
Hear they whisper death in your ear
Summoned by a might so untold
I fall before the throne
Drifting souls arise
Grasping for true unveiled eyes
Oh, eminent winds of the past
Carry me with you at last
Sacrifice to the Ancient Majesty of death
Ancient Majesty
Majesty, majesty of death
Sacrifice to the Ancient Majesty of death
Ancient Majesty
Majesty, majesty of deathVERAMAC
Yeah yeah
Mystik
Aye
Aye, where is the money I’m hunting it down
Show me the throne, I am hunting the crown
With all these bitches they look like an ocean I might fuck around in the wave and just drown
I stay doing shit you thought was impossible
Yeah they telling me I’m great but I feel phenomenal, yeah
Where is the money I’m hunting it down
Show me the throne, I am hunting the crown
With all these bitches they look like an ocean I might fuck around in the wave and just drown
I stay doing shit you thought was impossible
Yeah they telling me I’m great but I feel phenomenal
Cause the flows I own are heavenly but I am diabolical
Up against Mystik, leave you winded, punch to your abdominals
Have been know to destroy any challenge any obstacle
They know the skill is out this world, I’m fucking astronomical
Turn that fucking music up, turn that fucking music up
I be with the homies, we all holding bitches and a blunt
All these bums be tryna front, all these bums be tryna front
You not bout what you say I do not know why you’re tryna stunt
I be starting waves like a motherfucking wind
Me and you are different like two fraternal twins
Mystik gonna play and Mystik gonna win
You been beaten by the champ you gotta take it on the chin
What was your name again sorry I just don’t remember
I been busy clowning fools who said I would fall like September
And at first I started music because it was therapeutic
Now I realize these illusions in my head can be amusing to all of these other humans and so now that’s what I’m doing
I know paradise will day by day be less elusive
I’m ahead of my time like Marty Mcfly
That bitch tell me hi same one tell you bye
Fucked that hoe way back in July if she hit me up now she’ll get no reply
Wait hold up, slow it down
I’m the illest kid around
I don’t need accomplices on my heist to secure the crown
And so I’ll do it, gave y’all a chance and you blew it
Slay another beat back to it, yea your shit wack so improve it
Staying here get used to it, this shit wasn’t luck I pursued it
Staying here get used to it, this shit wasn’t luck I pursued it
Where is the money I’m hunting it down
Show me the throne, I am hunting the crown
With all these bitches they look like an ocean I might fuck around in the wave and just drown
I stay doing shit you thought was impossible
Yeah they telling me I’m great but I feel phenomenal, yeah
Where is the money I’m hunting it down
Show me the throne, I am hunting the crown
With all these bitches they look like an ocean I might fuck around in the wave and just drown
I stay doing shit you thought was impossible
Yeah they telling me I’m great but I feel phenomenalYeah
Black Soze à la prod
Chonga, L.R.S., génération 89
Mystik, Fukushima 8.9
All eyez on us
All eyez on us
Malgré les suce-bitages, les boycottages, les vrais nous connaissent
Appuie sur "on", all eyez on us
Dans l’circuit du R.A.P on roule à balle
Black veut pas dire coupable au tribunal
Je sais qu’c’est dur mais si tu baisses les bras t’es die
On s’en fout de la marque du vélo, pédale
Accroche-toi à c’que t’as, des principes tiennent un homme
On est humain donc des déboires
On monte, on tombe
All eyez on us, plus qu’un thème
Comprendre la vision d’un mec après dix ans fermes
Black Panther, on s’laissera pas faire
Sur le pied d’guerre, on déchaîne les enfers
Les vrais nous connaissent, on tient nos promesses
On n’tient pas en laisse
All eyez on us
Parler de c’qui s’passe dans l’monde c’est délicat
Nous on prend le risque avec M.Y.S.T.I.K
L.R.S XXX, vraie génération on met des coups au rap
Punchlines sans modération
Authentique depuis voilà mon art
J’ai fait mes classes dans un stand de tir car le savoir est une arme
J’ai su qu’il fallait pas tomber depuis mes premiers pas
Qu’il n'fallait pas baisser les yeux depuis mon premier regard
Aujourd’hui j’avance la tête haute, le poing levé
Qui vivra verra si fort live musique s’est rabaissée
Malgré les suce-bitages, les boycottages, les vrais nous connaissent
Appuie sur "on", all eyez on us
Dans l’circuit du R.A.P on roule à balle
Black veut pas dire coupable au tribunal
Je sais qu’c’est dur mais si tu baisses les bras t’es die
On s’en fout de la marque du vélo, pédale
Accroche-toi à c’que t’as, des principes tiennent un homme
On est humain donc des déboires
On monte, on tombe
Ils parlent de bruit et d’odeur
On va s’faire entendre, ils vont sentir notre couleur
Black est le biz, Black Soze sur le beat
On blague pas si Pac est l’ennemi
On XXX on XXX et on agit
Dans l’rap je pose mon timbre de voix
C’est sûrement pas pour Marine Le Pen que j’poserai ma voix
J’reste intègre, du-du vrai rap de nègre
Dans l’assiette du XXX et du nyama c’est notre domaine
Trop minces sont leurs chances, ils sont trop lents
Zouglou sur du rap de zoulous qu’on danse
Et trop speed mon ombre n’arrive pas à m’suivre
BPM n’écrit pas une nouvelle page, on écrit un nouveau livre
J’t’explique, j’suis en feat, LRS, Mystik
Nos concurrents on les kill ou deviennent paraplégiques
On marche droit dans la street on milite
Pour l’Afrique, que des real G, Chonga XXX et la clique
Malgré les suce-bitages, les boycottages, les vrais nous connaissent
Appuie sur "on", all eyez on us
Dans l’circuit du R.A.P on roule à balle
Black veut pas dire coupable au tribunal
Je sais qu’c’est dur mais si tu baisses les bras t’es die
On s’en fout de la marque du vélo, pédale
Accroche-toi à c’que t’as, des principes tiennent un homme
On est humain donc des déboires
On monte, on tombe
Le poker c’est pas mon truc mais je joue cartes sur table
All eyez on Mystik c’est l’retour d’2Pac
Mets d’côté les trucs chelous, parlons vrai parlons rap
J’ai envie d’parler d’ça et puis j’fais c’que j’veux
La ce-pla appartient à celui qui la prend
Tu connais mon ze-bla, eh, tu sais comment on fait nous autres là
Mes frérots fly et rappent bien
Tu pèterai une du-du-durite si tu savais y en a combien
Mon expression musicale, qu’est-ce t’en dis
La révolution d’l’esprit, Gandhi
Est-ce que tu sais c’que c’est qu’la vraie définition d’un petit
Descendant des Loussinghi, XXX
J’suis écouté par des petits neveux, c’est le hip-hop qui est magique
C’est la promo de c’que vous faites qui est tragique
Protège ton sourire, copie personne
J’rappe comme si j’faisais des pompes à la Myson
]
Malgré les suce-bitages, les boycottages, les vrais nous connaissent
Appuie sur "on", all eyez on us
Dans l’circuit du R.A.P on roule à balle
Black veut pas dire coupable au tribunal
Je sais qu’c’est dur mais si tu baisses les bras t’es die
On s’en fout de la marque du vélo, pédale
Accroche-toi à c’que t’as, des principes tiennent un homme
On est humain donc des déboires
On monte, on tombeSi je m'suis mis à écrire
Si j'suis rentré dans l'rap
C'est parce qu'à la base
Dans c'que j'écoutais y'avait des bêtes de messages
Y'avait un truc positif, le kif
Maintenant regardes, c'est que du bizz
Quand j'ai mis les pieds dedans j'étais vite dégouté, déçu
Certains, envie d'leur cracher dessus
Entre c'qu'ils racontent et c'qu'ils sont
Ça n'a rien à voir mon pote
C'est que du timinik
Entre eux ils s'niquent
S'trompent d'ennemis tu peux m'croire
Tu veux changer l'monde ?
Changes déjà l'enfoiré dans ton miroir, ça vient d'Lino 
Et j'pense à toutes les conneries qu'ils mettent dans la tête de nos bambinos
Le rap a les ailes brisées, fait pour décoller
A cause de certains on a du plomb dans l'aile
Je préfère ceux qui font et qui parlent pas
Et pas ceux qui ramènent ma zik vers le bas
Dis merci t'as bien mangé, bien roté
Tu t'es servi dans l'assiette de la pauvreté
Ça rap cru, l'heure a sonné
Et si la vérité vient t'cracher à la gueule, ne sois pas étonné
Y'en a trop qui tchatche, trop qui changent
Je me demande parfois de qui ils parlent, à qui ils parlent
Chéchia, kippa, même tristesse dans la larme
Mon rap unit, sonne l'alarme
La plume trempée dans ma vie c'est pas un scénario
Le rap sans coeur c'est comme G.Unit sans Tony Yayo
Ils sont de plus en plus jeunes ceux qui nous écoutent
Restes vrai, bluff pas zincou
Pour ceux qu'arrivent, la musique il faut en prendre soin
Y'en a qui font ça pour le fun, d'autres qui en ont besoin
Ça a pas l'air mais c'est comme une thérapie
Pour certains rappeurs, certaines chanteuses de r'n'b
C'est pas par hasard si on écrit
A l'intérieur ça bouillonne, à travers les lignes sort un cri
Je rap avec des mots simples mais ils ont du poids
Comme celui que je porte sur mes épaules, que tu n'vois pasWho you think you are with your fake shit
My crew gased, no hiking
Put your fingers up, catch a taxi
Fuck fake friends n cheap taxes
Kill the killer coz the killer keeps on killing
Murder rap, flows thrown, there's no forgiving
I been through so much
Now I don't give a shit
Fuck your cheap cheque
I get six digits
Oh shit
No Need To Be Fake
I See Bitches Like You Everyday
No Need To Be Fake
If Don't Like You Today
I Might Never Love Again
There's no no need to be fake
Coz if I don't like you
I'm might never love you again
I'm talking bout women n bitches
More money
More figures
More models
No bitching
No tripping
Just listen
Fuck you and your fake shit
Fake friends, fake designer shoes
Fuck your fake ass, and fake boobs
I admit your tittle is strong with it
Booty game is too strong with it
I might just smash n pass on with it
Coz You know I've always been a hard hitter
But you let me down
Standards low
Lower then ground
Women handled
Fuck your lip job
Get a real one
Spending blesser money
Girl, Chill son
Versace on feet
But your butt hurt
Can't sit down
Stilleto
Had to let go of your bullshit
Said I'm the problem
Had to let you know
Fuck you
Barbie doll
Yellow bone bitch
I'm no Ken doll
Take your weave back
Cause it's plastic
Only 15
Mind of Shakespeare
Release the hatchet
Who you think you are with your fake shit
My crew gased, no hiking
Put your fingers up, catch a taxi
Fuck fake friends n cheap taxes
Kill the killer coz the killer keeps on killing
Murder rap, flows thrown, there's no forgiving
I been through so much
Now I don't give a shit
Fuck your cheap cheque
I get six digits
Oh shit
No Need To Be Fake
I See Bitches Like You Everyday
No Need To Be Fake
If Don't Like You Today
I Might Never Love Again
Out till 12
Getting drunk with friends
Dancing on the streets
Maybe getting lil tipsy
Get home smelling like Green and alcohol
That ain't good
Woke up in a jail cell
Smelling metal n hell
Fired at work so cry
Now you sell your body to some other guys
My nigguh G has seen you
My nigguh Skeet has seen you
My nigguhs Bitch has seen you
My whole crew has seen you
Hooking up with old dudes
Blesser life, man fuck you
Not 21 but I'm a savage
Get the fuck out with your fake assets
Here's a plan, call your man
I hate break ups cause hurts me too
To know out here there's a hoe like you
Cry all you want
Let's call it a night
But down the gun
Rather know Issa knife
Cross my heart 'n hope to dieMystik
Mes origines, square Jacques Brel, Léon Blum
Beauval
77, Seine-et-Marne
Elle était belle cette époque, on était plein dans l'hall
Insouciants, pas d'blèmes-pro j'kiffais l'football
Des Polonais, des Rebeus, des Renois dans ma clique
En cas d'haja, y a rdv en bas d'chez XXX
Y avait du respect devant les rents-pa des potos
J'cachais mes XXX, ma garo, tu vois de quoi j'te parle?
Quand on allait goumer des skins au carnaval
J'te parle de l'Antarès, XXX
Y avait pas encore Copé
, on avait déjà les pieds dans la merde
Mais y avait pas autant d'condés
Y avait pas autant d'poucaves, XXX KRF IFJ, tous dans l'local
Dans toute la France, on représentait Beauval, Pierre Co'
Soldats, on laisse pas en chien un poto
Depuis ça a bien changé
Gros, qu'est-ce tu veux, c'est la vieAlas, you were the best
A perfect princess
Straddling on my thighs
Alone in your bliss
Oh, what's in your head
You twisted angel
Oh, who’s in your bed
If I'm not able
To come to your side
A life so ludicrous
A bliss  ages
Laughing all the time
A deep dark kiss
Oh, what's in your head
You twisted angel
Oh, who’s in your bed
If I'm not able
To come to your side
In your perfect thighs
I shudder open
The seed will not grow
It is the final curtain
The expiration of
The thing forgotten
The thing forgotten
Oh, what's in your head
You twisted angel
Oh, who's in your bed
If I'm not able
To come to your sideIt's VERAMAC
You're everything I imagined
You're everything I imagined
Perfect for the role, like a casting
Baby, please don't leave me in the past tense
I'm in your boat, let me be the captain
Baby, what you doing tonight?
Baby, I could do you so right
I just wanna see you tonight
Wanna feel you tonight
Wanna feel you tonight
Shawty, what you doing tonight, yeah
Inside I ain't feeling so right, yeah
I be scared of wasting my time, yeah
I be scared of wasting my time, yeah
Baby, do you know?
You be on my mind
Where you wanna go?
We could take a ride
Wе could take a ride
We could takе a ride
Someone like you is so hard to find nowadays
Been a minute since somebody took my breath away
Take my hand bae, I could really show you the way
I could show you the way
My life be in front of lights, but she like the way I live
They be talking like they know me, but they never met the kid
I'm just getting money they just jealous of the shit I did
Hustle till I make it I won't ever ever ever quit
I be taking drugs to deal with the pain
Had to cut some people off, can't deal with you lames
All these motherfuckers in it for the money and fame
I just want these people to remember the name
But I'm used to it, people talk ain't new to this
I could fuck you so good, make you question how I'm doing this
My life ludicrous, money flow is numerous
They all tried to diss me, now I find it kinda humorous
Baby, do you know?
You be on my mind
Where you wanna go?
We could take a ride
We could take a ride
We could take a ride
You're everything I imagined
Perfect for the role, like a casting
Baby, please don't leave me in the past tense
I'm in your boat, let me be the captain
Baby, what you doing tonight?
Baby, I could do you so right
I just wanna see you tonight
Wanna feel you tonight
Wanna feel you tonight
Shawty, what you doing tonight, yeah
Inside I ain't feeling so right, yeah
I be scared of wasting my time, yeah
I be scared of wasting my time, yeah"In the name of Satan, the ruler of the Earth, the king of the world, I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me. Hail the king"Yeah
It's VERAMAC baby
Cause I’ve been evidently sent from the heavens to explore
The world of rap but it’s wack I expected more
Tryna help em find they talent so I’m crawling on the floor
Looking round, can’t be found
Just like a 404
I’m wreaking havoc with nothing else but my presence
I own rhymes that blow minds at the end of every sentence
I tend to hurt feelings and crush dreams like I’m Simon
A teacher scolding students who don’t stick to the assignment
See holes in you cheesy fuckers like you Swiss
Thought you got away but motherfucker I don’t miss
Continuing the last line of the stanza before this
Sorry class but now my time is up and you have been dismissed
I been had the blue print, now it’s time to use it
Tried to give you bums a chance, y’all went and blew it
I’m spreading heat like I’m smokey bears enemy
I’m chemically manufactured to destroy the enemy
Implementing pain when supplied with pen and paper
I put it on the lines while they all just play it safer
I'm eating waffles while deep frying colossals of phony rappers and no chick please, I don’t feel awful
The devils lettuce is my coping method
Feeling like a hypocrite while making fun of all these coke and meth heads
Y’all more shitty than a toilet after curry
Clown these bums then I laugh cause they wanna shoot the thirty
A teenage menace but a legend in the making
Must have MPD with all these names that I’m taking
I’m chasing you just hating while tasting the tail of Satan, I’m just stating I’m amazing until the world has awakened
Persuading the winner of a game of bloody knuckles
The era of the kid, more groundbreaking than shovels
I’m screaming at these demons when they get in a huddle
Still I’m kicking back with Dr. Phil, asking bout his troubles
Imagine a world where people aren’t fucking plastic
Not talking bout a bad bitch I’m talking bout the absence of loyalty and trust
All disguised with smile
Fuck it, fake people are expected in this lifestyle
The young sinner, obliterating these beginners
Drinking liquor, your sister proving she ain't a quitter
I trigger fear and crush hopes with no intention
Doubt and question the kid and quickly learn your lesson:
Johnson...
:
Alright, alright, alright, alright... now check it out
Just tell... just tell motherfuckers like you know...
First day, you know you realize, you know...
Your words change people or people's thought about your words
You know, shit, quit being a punk, come on....
:
Well Johnson, it's probably a real cold day... it's probably a real cold day something like this one
You know, before that I used to think everybody was all about some bullshit
Talking about yeah Grouch I heard your tape, that shit is cool, that shit is the beat, when you coming out with some vinyl
But then, fools, really started getting deep on that shit
Like, like... Grouch, when you said such and such on this song
And it meant this...  That shit was really the beat I really felt that
:
So basically people just commenting when they see you, you like talking to a lot of people...
:
I don't really like talking to a lot of people, I dunno, I mean, it really touched me though Johnson... 
:
And Grouch was touched....
:
Thank you very much...To be added